D:  So what we had  was that we were gonna talk about data collection , 

D:  and other tasks during data collection , 

A:  what can you add to it to get , um , some information that would be helpful for the user - interface design ? 

G:  But if we had the CrossPads , we could ask people , you know , if  if something comes up <audible closure> write it down and mark it <audible closure>  somehow , 

E:  Right . I mean , we  because you 'd have several people with these pads , you could collect different things . 

F:  I mean , the down - side to that is that he sort of indicated that the , uh , quality of <outbreath> the handwriting recognition was quite poor . 

A:  So the there will be jargon that we he There 'll be transcription errors . 

H:  which is when you say " Jimlet " and the person listening won't know what that is , sh shou How  how do we get  Is that important information ? 

A:  So , actually there 's kind of three issues . 
A:  There 's the CrossPad issue . 
A:  Should we do it and , if so , what 'll we have them do ? 
A:  Um , do we have s people write summaries ? 
A:  Everybody or one person ? 
A:  And then , do we ask people for how they would query things ? 

F:  in that where  or when do you actually ask them about that ? 

D:  And , uh , once we get out beyond our little group , the people 's motivation factor , uh , reduces enormously . 

H:  And  and I also , um , was thinking , with reference to the n uh , note - taking , 
H:  the advantage there is that you get structure without the person having to do something artificial later . 
H:  And the fir third thing I wanted to say is the summaries afterwards , 
H:  um , I think they should be recorded instead of written 

A:  That normally at most meetings somebody is delegated to be a note - taker . 
A:  And  So why don't we just use the notes that somebody takes ? 

B:  And , you can also have notes of the meeting . 
B:  But I bet that 's  that will allow you to go into the  sort of the hot places where people are writing things down . 

B:  So , if you could sense just when people are writing , and you tell them not to doodle , or try not to  be using that for other purposes ,  and each person has a note pad . They just get it when they come in the room . Then you c you can just have a fff  plot of wh you know , who 's writing when . 

D:  but if we were asking the question , which I thought we were , of  of  of , um , " how do we figure out what 's the nature of the queries that people are gonna want to ask of such a system ? " , knowing what 's important doesn't tell you what people are going to be asking . 

B:  But I bet it 's a good  superset of it . 

D:  i We  we have five hours of pilot data of the other stuff 
D:  but we have zero hours of  of  of queries . 

A:  Um , the second thing you could possibly do with it is just run a little pilot experiment with somebody saying " here 's a summary of a meeting , what questions might you want to ask about it to go back ? " 

G:  I guess if you had a meeting participant , they could use the summary to refresh themselves about the meeting and then make up queries . 

E:  But th there is this , um  <outbreath> <mouth> <inbreath> There is this class of queries , which are the things that you didn't realize were important at the time 
E:  but some in retrospect you think " oh , hang on , didn't we talk about that ? " 
E:  And it 's something that didn't appear in the summary but you  

D:  now I 'm thinking that the summary  a summary , uh , is actually a reasonable , uh , bootstrap into this  into what we 'd like to get at . 

D:  So now we have five hours of meetings 
D:  and , uh , you ask me , uh , uh , " Morgan , what d you know , what kind of questions do you want to ask ? " 
D:  Uh , I wouldn't have any idea what kind of questions I want to ask . 

D:  So in fact if I looked at summary of it , I 'd go " oh , yeah , I was in that meeting , 

A:  but in most meetings that I attend , there 's somebody t explicitly taking notes , frequently on a laptop  

A:  Um , and then they post - edit it into , uh , a summary 
A:  and they email it out for minutes . 

H:  I  e My thought was to have multiple people summarize it , on recording rather than writing 

H:  Whereas if you just say it immediately after the meeting , 
H:  you know , a two - minute summary of what the meeting was about , I think you would get , 

H:  So , my proposal would be that it may be worth considering both of those types , you know , the note - taking and a spontaneous oral summary afterwards , 

B:  Y you should also have a record of what 's on the board . 

B:  but for instance , I mean , the outline is sort of up here 

E:  I think for this data capture , it would be nice to have a digital camera 
E:  just to take pictures of who 's there , 
E:  where the microphones are , 
E:  and then we could also put in what 's on the board . 
E:  You know , like three or four snaps for every  

G:  But I think adding photographs adds a whole nother level of problems . 

B:  You know , fusing gesture and face recognition , 

B:  But I 'm just saying first of all there 's a whole bunch of fusion issues that DARPA 's interested in . 

G:  But that  it 's gonna be a lot of effort on our part to create it , and store it , 
G:  and get all the standards , and to do anything with it . 

D:  Well , minimally , I mean , what  what Dan is referring to at least having some representation of the p the spatial position of the people , 

B:  Also CMU has been doing this 

B:  And they have  said , I talked to the student who had done this ,  that with two fairly inexpensive cameras they  they just recorded all the time 

B:  So I think we would be  we might lose the chance to use this data for somebody later who wants to do some kind of processing on it if we don't collect it  at all . 

G:  I think that if you have that , then people who are interested in vision can use this database . The problem with it is you 'll have more people who don't want to be filmed than who don't want to be recorded . 

H:  But I think y she 's  we 're just proposing  a minimal preservation of things on boards , 

G:  But , you know , that 's a lot of infrastructure and work . 

D:  I think at the moment we should be determining this on the basis of our own , uh , interests and needs rather than hypothetical ones from a community thing . 

D:  Like for a meeting like this , at least , uh , take a Polaroid of the  <laugh> of the  of the boards , 

D:  So  <outbreath> so the question  that  that we started with was whether there was anything else we should do during  during th during the collection . 
D:  And I guess the CrossPads was certainly one idea , 

D:  I guess the point was to try  again , to try to collect more information that could be useful later for  for the UI stuff . 

B:  I think it 'd be useful to have a small amount of it just as a proof of concept . 

D:  I guess a lot of the stuff we 're doing now really is pilot 

G:  I think , though , the importance marking is a  good idea , though . 

A:  OK . So CrossPads , we 're just gonna try it and see what happens . 

A:  So , I j I think we should just say this is not  we don't want to put any extra burden on people , but if they happen to generate minutes , could  could they send it to us ? 

G:  Yeah . What I was gonna say is that I don't want to ask people to do something they wouldn't normally do in a meeting . 

G:  And then Jane 's idea of summarization afterward I think is not a bad one . 

A:  because I think  I know when I see the  the clock coming near the end of the meeting , I 'm like inching towards the door . 

A:  you 're probably not gonna get  a lot of people wanting to do this . 

A:  Yeah . I think that  I think doing it orally at the end of the meeting is the best time . 

D:  Well , I think it 's like the note - taking thing , 
D:  that  that y that you can't  certainly can't require it 
D:  or people aren't gonna want to do this . 
D:  But  but if there 's some cases where they will , then it would be helpful . 

F:  the question I had about queries was , um , so what we 're planning to do is have people look at the summaries and then generate queries ? 

F:  so , the question I had is is have we given any thought to how we would generate queries automatically given a summary ? 
F:  I mean , I think that 's a whole research topic un unto itself , 

D:  u I  I actually think that  that , uh , again , just as a bootstrap ,  if we do have something like summaries , then having the people who are involved in the meetings themselves , who are cooperative and willing to do yet more , come up with  with  with queries , uh , could at least give  give Landay an idea of the kind of things that people might want to know . 

H:  I 'm also wondering if we could ask the  the people a  a question 
H:  which would be " what was the most interesting thing you got out of this meeting ? " 

H:  it might be , you know , that the summary would  would not in even include what the person thought was the most interesting fact . 

H:  So , I mean , you could ge pick up some of the micro items that wouldn't even occur as major headings 

H:  I think it wouldn't be too , uh , uh , cost - intensive either . 

G:  We 'll  I mean , we 'll  we 'll be telling them that the reason we 're trying to do this is  is to d generate queries in the future , 

D:  And then I 'm trying to fi I mean , that 's  that 's when I look  in general when I look things up most , is when it 's something that <breath> didn't really stick in my head the first time around 

D:  And it might be something minor  of minor importance to the meeting . 

D:  and  but for some  new reason I 'm  I 'm  I 'm interested in  in  in the old stuff . 

D:  I  I  I mean , I guess what I what I  I keep coming back to in my own mind is that , um , the soonest we can do it , we need to get up some kind of system 
D:  so that people who 've been involved in the meeting can go back later , 
D:  even if it 's a poor system in some ways , 
D:  and , uh  and ask the questions that they actually want to know . 
D:  If  you know , if  uh , as soon as we can get that going at any kind of level , then I think we 'll have a much better handle on what kind of questions people want to ask than in any  anything we do before that . 

A:  CrossPads we were going to try , 
A:  um , if Landay can get the , uh  get them to  to you guys , 
A:  um , and see if they 're interesting . 

A:  getting electronic summary from a note - taking person if they happen to do it anyway . 

A:  getting  just , uh , digital pictures  
A:  a couple digital pictures of the  the table and boards to set the context of the meeting . 
A:  Uh , and then going around the room at the end to just say  qu ask people to mention something interesting that they learned . 

A:  And then the last thing c would be for those people who are willing to stay afterwards and give an oral summary . 

H:  They 'd be s they 'd be separate . 
H:  They wouldn't be hearing each other 's summaries . 
H:  And  and that would also be that the data would be included in the database . 

D:  Well , and again , if we can figure out a way to jimmy a  a  a  a very rough system , say in a year , then  uh , so that in the second and third years we  we actually have something to  

A:  Play with and generate real queries from . 

B:  I mean , <long inbreath> <forceful outbreath> the level of the query could be , you know , very low - level or very high - level . 

B:  you know , if this is something that requires a  a one - word answer or it 's one place in the recording versus was there general agreement on this issue of all the people who ha 
B:  You know , you can gen you can ask queries that are meaningful for people . 

B:  But they won't exist anywhere in the  a you know  

G:  Absolutely . So I think we 're gonna have to start with keywords 

H:  I I was wondering if  if there might be one s more source of queries 
H:  which is indicator phrases like " action item " , 
H:  which could be obtained from the text  from the transcript . 

A:  What I have down for action items is we 're supposed to find out about our human subject , um , <mouth> requirements . 

A:  people are supposed to send me U R 
A:  for their  for web pages , 
A:  to c and I 'll put together an overall cover . 

A:  And  and you also need to look at your web page 
A:  and clean it up by mid - July . 

A:  Uh , you need to put together a mailing list . 

D:  In  in our phone call , uh , before , we  we , uh  It turns out the way we 're gonna send the data is by , uh , 

D:  and then what they 're gonna do is take the CD - ROM and transfer it to analog tape 
D:  and <breath> give it to a transcription service , uh , that will  

G:  Oh , is this IBM ? 

D:  Yeah . 

G:  Uh , so do they  How are they gonna do the multi - channel ? 

D:  and then there will be some things  you know , many things that don't work out well . 

H:  I  I m emailed them the Transcriber URL , 
H:  um , the on - line , uh , data that Adam set up , 

H:  so they can click on an utterance and hear it . 
H:  and I emailed them the str streamlined conventions 

D:  Right . And I was gonna m email them the  which I haven't yet , a pointer to  to the web pages that we  that we currently have , 
D:  cuz in particular they want to see the one with the  the way the recording room is set up 

G:  Not an immediate action item but something we do have to worry about is data formats for  for higher - level information . 

A:  uh , I need to email Adam or Jane , 
A:  um , about getting the data . 

A:  Eh , so I 'm just interested in getting transcriptions . 

G:  different level , prosody and all that sort of stuff . 
G:  We 're gonna have to figure out how we 're gonna annotate that . 
G:  But that 's not  That 's display . 

H:  We discussed , uh , musi musical score notation 

A:  W My  my u feeling right now on format is you guys have been doing all the work 
A:  and whatever you want , we 're happy to live with . 

D:  We also had the , uh , uh  that we were s uh , that you were gonna get us the eight - hundred number 

D:  we 're gonna call up your Communicator thing 
D:  and  and we 're gonna be good slash bad , 
D:  depending on how you define it , uh , users . 

C:  Now , something that I mentioned earlier to Mari and Liz is that it 's probably important to get as many non - technical and non - speech people as possible 

C:  So if you could ask other people to call and use our system , that 'd be good . 

D:  We talked about that we 're getting the recording equipment running at UW . 

A:  I 'm  I 'm shooting to try to get it done  get it put together by  the beginning of August . 

D:  Um , and he also said something about outside  there  that came up about the outside text sources , that he  he may have 

E:  Yeah , that was  uh , that was  What he was saying was this  he  this thing that , uh , Jason had been working on finds web pages that are thematically related to what you 're talking about . 

E:  So that that  that would be a source of text which is  supposedly got the right vocabulary . 

A:  That 's  that 's what I wanna work with , 
A:  is  is things that s the wrong material but the right da the right source . 

A:  I could  I could use , uh  I could use your web pages . 

A:  You 've got all the web pages on the Meeting Recor 

A:  I can use what web pages there are out there on meeting recorders . 

D:  There 's  there 's some , uh , Carnegie Mellon stuff , right ? 

A:  So , there 's  there 's ICSI , Xerox , 

G:  Um , the " Georgia Tech Classroom Two Thousand " is a good one . 

H:  um , I s I know that from  with the near - field mikes some of the problems that come with overlapping speech , uh , are lessened . 

H:  so if you 've got someone giving a report you 're not gonna have as much overlap . 

H:  But , um , in a meeting which would otherwise be highly overlapping , is the near - field mike enough or should we have some rules of participation for some of our samples to lessen the overlap ? 

A:  I don't think we should have rules of participation , 
A:  but I think we should try to  get a variety of meetings . 
A:  That 's something that if we get the  the meeting stuff going at UW , that I probably can do more than you guys , 

B:  but  Mark and others have said that there 's quite a lot of found data  from the discourse community that has this characteristic 

D:  So it also depends on the style of the group of people . 

H:  I just wanted to be sure that we will not be having a lot of data which can't be processed . 

A:  So I 'm just writing here , we 're not gonna try to specify rules of interaction 
A:  but we 're gonna try to get more variety by i using different  groups of people 
A:  and different sizes . 

A:  Well , the reason why I didn't want to is be why I personally didn't want to  is because I wanted it to be  as , uh , unintrusive as possi 

B:  So there 's lots of recordings that  
B:  They 're not close - talk mike , 

B:  And  and there 's lots of television , you know , stuff on , um , political debates and things like that , 
B:  congre congressional hearings . 

B:  and then the CMU folks and I were sort of on the other side in  
B:  cuz they had collected a lot of meetings that were sort of like this 

B:  And , I guess we just left it as  @ @  that  if there 's found data that can be transformed for use in speech recognition easily , then of course we would do it , 
B:  but newly collected data would  would be natural meetings . 

D:  Actually , th @ @  the CMU folk have collected a lot of data . 

B:  But as far as I know they didn't offer that data to the community at this meeting . 

D:  I mean , we still haven't sent out the first note saying " hey , this list exists " . 

D:  We 're just compiling the list . 

H:  But it includes like standard corpora that have been used for years in linguistics and  other fields . 

B:  but they were recorded anyway , like the congressional hearings and , you know , for legal purposes or whatever . 

B:  You know , the pe these people weren't wearing close - talking mikes , 

B:  It 's things occur without any  

H:  So " found data " , 
H:  they mean like established corpora of linguistics and  and other fields , right ? 

E:  We should go around and say something interesting that happened at the meeting ? 

G:  I just don't know how else to generate the queries other than getting an expert to actually listen to the meeting and say " that 's important , 

D:  And  and th I think that might then help me to think of things  even things that aren't listed in the summary , but just as a  as a  as a refresh of what the general thing was going on in the meeting . 

B:  even lip movement and things like that , 

