<?xml version="1.0"  encoding="ISO-8859-1"?>
<nite:root xmlns:nite="http://nite.sourceforge.net/">
<abstract nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes">
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.0">Call with Dario</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.1">Call room: </sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.2">-PIN: 1234</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.3">-To test in advance, use </sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.4">GoToMeeing:  (the familiar persistent ID)</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.5"></sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.6">Participants:</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.7">-Dario + Chiara</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.8">-Dominik</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.9">-Tea</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.10">-Ondřej</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.11">-Miloš (SAO, will come to CUNI)</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.12">-Jaroslav (SAO, will stay at SAO and start the GoToMeeting)</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.13">-CUNI participants will all meet in the room S510, Ondrej has booked it 14.15-16.00</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.14">--Tea, please bring the big - wide-angle microphone</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.15"></sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.16">Agenda:</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.17">-Start recording</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.18">--Everyone has agreed.</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.19">-Date for ELITR call (PV’s availability is missing):</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.20">--</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.21">--Resolved during the call.</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.22">-Collecting photos and videos from Trade Fair (from Dario)</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.23">--Ondrej and Tea received the two pictures from Dario by e-mail - DONE</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.24">-Confirmation of proposed scheme of wiring for EUROSAI Congress:</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.25">-- old version</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.26">--</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.27">--Dario says: we need as original sound from the microphones as possible, ideally the digital signal captured at the microphone</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.28">--We need this from both the main microphone of the plenary session as well as for each of the languages from interpreters’ booths that we can process (English, German, Czech, French, Spanish, Russian)</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.29">--These outputs can be arbitrarily distributed in space, as long as ethernet wiring leading to the common switch is available</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.30">--Analog as a fallback, and one cheaper (non-DANTE) digital output (Dario must choose in advance which one) from each mic</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.31">-Digital interface to audio mix pult (the same mix pult should also handle interpretation booths) Options: AES50 (point-to-point only), ULTRANET (up to 16 ch.), AES / EBU (up to 2 ch.), DANTE (3x the cost on SAO side, but still acceptable-ish)</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.32">-Microphones [main mics, audience mics?]:</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.33">--How to define the microphones parameters for the tender?</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.34">--Sensitivity, frequency response, noise, …</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.35">--Dario, please provide this specification for:</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.36">---main stage wired microphones</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.37">---interpreter’s booths wired microphones</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.38">---In the unfortunate case of wireless main stage, please also specify the characteristics of those.</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.39">--> (frekvenční rozsah [Hz], zkreslení [%], hladina šumu [dBA], apod)?</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.40">-Get a contact for someone from PV, who will handle the presentation platform (which should stream slides)</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.41">--Chiara will be the main contact point.</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.42">--Dario mentioned the streaming should be HSL or something like that, an Apple standard</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.43">--Ondrej will still keep trying to implement the slide-grabber part, incl. the streaming</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.44">--PV will implement the presentation part, incl. streaming projection and subtitle selection and projection</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.45">-Will PV also try get their ASR (e.g. for Italian?)</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.46">--If so, Ondrej suggests to team up with Jonas and jointly develop the integration for Kaldi. (Jonas would appreciate any help.)</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.47">--Or has anyone used Kaldi with PV platform?</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.48">---PV uses their own ASR engine based on FBK’s toolkit, already integrated</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.49">-When will the python version of PV platform sample connector?</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.50">--We could change Kaldi worker.py to connect to PV mediator instead of the gstreamer server.</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.51">--Dario: struggling with one issue with the python binding; still not working; can share it anyway</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.52">---Dario will share the code so far to the public ELITR repo</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.53">---Ondrej will pass it to Jonas</sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.54"></sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.55"></sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.56"></sentence>
<sentence nite:id="2019-04-01_MT4SAO_Minutes.s.57"></sentence>
</abstract>
</nite:root>
