{"dialogue": "um , so um the one th one thing i know that we have on that is uh we had talked aa couple weeks before um uh about the uhthe stuff you were doing withwith uh um uh l l attempting to locate events , but anyway somesome potential collaboration there aboutabout theabout theworking with these data . um , so , uh , he was interested in the question ofyou know , relating to histo the research he presented recently , um of inference structures , so um we were trying to think of ways that his interests could interact with ours he 's interested in thesethese knowledge structures , inferences that you drawi from toto find aa good solution to detect eh , the overlapping zone in eh speech recorded . but you haveyou have time uh , uh markedtwelve minutethethethe um overlaps in twelve minutes of it . like very straightforward question is where we are on the amount of data and the amount of transcribed data ,", "summary": "abstract: topics discussed by the berkeley meeting recorder group included a potential collaboration with another icsi member regarding the analysis of inference structures , efforts by speaker mn005 to detect speaker overlap , the current status on recordings and transcriptions , and future efforts to collect meeting data ."}
{"dialogue": "but there 's at least one meeting recorded of uh the uh uh natural language guys . uh , we 've started having a morning meeting , today uh i starting a w a week or two ago , on the uh front - end issues , and we 're recording those , uh there 's a network services and applications group here who 's agreed to have their meetings recorded , if anyone knows of one more m or two more wee meetings per week that happen at icsi , um that we could record , i think it would be worth it .", "summary": "abstract: in addition to weekly meetings by the bmr group , efforts are in progress to record meetings by other icsi research groups , as well as routine discussions by non-icsi members ."}
{"dialogue": "so , we need to talk about this later .", "summary": "decisions: the group will resume its discussion of speaker anonymization in a subsequent meeting ."}
{"dialogue": "on - only to markonly to mark overlapping zone , but then i think it 's a good idea . but i mean weif uhif he could speed up what he was doing by just getting the speaker overlaps so that we had it , say , for forty - five minutes , then at least we 'd have three hundred examples of it .", "summary": "decisions: to save time , speaker mn005 will only mark the sample of transcribed data for regions of overlapping speech , as opposed to marking all acoustic events ."}
{"dialogue": "yeah , whoever we have working on the acoustics for the meeting recorder are gon na start with that .", "summary": "decisions: the digits extraction task will be delegated to whomever is working on acoustics for the meeting recorder project ."}
{"dialogue": "if anyone knows of one more m or two more wee meetings per week that happen at icsi , um that we could record , i think it would be worth it .", "summary": "decisions: the group will inquire with other icsi researchers and colleagues at the university of washington about collecting additional meeting data ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean , one of the things i wanted to do , uh , that i i talked toto don about , is one of the possible things he could do or m also , we could have someone else do it , is to do block echo cancellation , so that 's something i 'd like somebody to do at some point , just take these digits , take the far - field mike signal , and the close uh mike signal , and apply really good echo cancellation . somebody lookandand the digits would be a reasonable thing to do that with .", "summary": "decisions: echo cancellation experiments will be performed on meeting recorder digits data ."}
{"dialogue": "so this isthis isthis isgonna be a big , big problem if you want to later do uh , you know , indexing , or speech understanding of any sort .", "summary": "problems: use of pronouns ( e.g . he , she , you ) during meetings is potentially problematic for indexing referents and analysing speech understanding ."}
{"dialogue": "and in fact , it isit isit is sensitive . you know , i asked her very specifically about this clause of how , um , you know , it says `` no individuals will be identified", "summary": "problems: sensitivity issues involved in mentioning individuals by name were also discussed ."}
{"dialogue": "i mean , if i 'm tapping on the table , you it 's not gon na show up on any of the mikes , but it 's gon na show up rather loudly in the pzm . thethethe far - field , because ii found a difference .", "summary": "problems: data obtained via the close-talking microphone channels do n't match meeting content yielded via the far-field microphones ."}
{"dialogue": "one of the things that i think is a littlea little bit of a limitation , there is a think when the people are not involved uh in our work , we probably ca n't do it every week . so , i think it 's gon na be a problem to get people regularly .", "summary": "problems: the collection of meeting data from non-meeting recorder participants is likely to be more infrequent ."}
