(O) The only the source language.
So the backward languages is set the the same as the source, but this.
(KA) No no, the the backward language.
Ok.
Is it doing perfect drowned translation to me.
Or?
(O) Yes, it is.
<other_noise>
Thats most likely.
(KA) Ok I created (??) sentence I had (??), and then colours mean.
(O) Thats the confidence, and I dunno know the exact meaning of the colors yet I just received a screenshot yesterday night.
So.
(KA) Okay, but.
(O) The documentation is is pending 
(KB)  It looks like a diamonds to me.
(KA) Well, yeah, I mean I expected.
(??)
(O) Yeah,yeah.
Well this is a proof this a proof of concept to like proof our prototype of the interface and we have the user interface webpagem, sorry the user interface workpackage starting in several months from now right?
(KA) Sure, okay, part of this is Robin's problem, I'm just asking this (??) being (??).
(O) Possibly,yes.
<laugh>
And its deep quest model.
(??)
Yeah.
<laugh>
(K) (??) dark red.
<laugh>
(KA) Right.
<laugh>
Okay, we (??) is going to ask this (??), but I could show them (??), hopefully we should change the will go.
(O) Yeah, I 'm sending an email, and you will be on the copy, but it will be in Czech so dont worry.
(KA) Yeah, I will I will stop it through and determine (??) translation back to Czech.
Ok, so looking back at the agenda, um, I already shamed people into taking all (??) Ondrej has (??) not been sufficiently shamed, and.
(O) Yeah, yeah.
<laugh>
I was working on this demo you know.
(KA) Yeah.
<laugh>
Sure.
And then lets move on to upcoming deliverables we have to make a dissemination plan by the 30th of June.
Related point, we've been on EU projects before are there some dissemination plans, we can share what (??) is training data.
<laugh>
(K) I got one for someone else but i mean I'd be happy to see more of 'Em.
Honestly, so, (??) ask a few people very nice (??), but more is also better.
(??) with carrying data.
(KA) <parallel_talk>
I dont think dissemination plans are public.
(??) I'm sure we had to write someone and (??) project but.
Thats an offline thing.
(??) other partners have dissemination plans, that they could potentionally share with (??).
How was it going Kelly?
<laugh>
(K) Yeah, fine, I mean sort of (??) particular outline for (??) to be working for a while, I think the part of the next lets say, two in a half weeks somwehere around there, we are gonna actually sort of have (??).
I guess the nice thing about it (??) to the final plan (??) more B way in terms of (??) so.
(??) not worry about it actually.
(KA) Yeah, two deliverables are if I remember.
And the other thing is, I actually didnt say this but to be honest they care more that that stuff, (??) and the EU flag appears on things that are disseminated.
Then specific things happening in specific dates in the plan.
And they still care that there is some disclaimer that its like not an official thing of the EU that stated when disseminated.
Ok, so.
Data management plan on call (??) I am attempting to deligate this to.
(KC) Yeah, so the th- the (??) cannot mention the data management plan
It is due of the of the 30th of June, I'll be on holiday most of June, so we need to get crack little bit before that.
I think when it comes to data we are dealing with with three types of data, I think.
(??) is problematic but I can write up.
We have the data for quality estimation that I would ask Sheffields to take charge of the data management plan for the (??), probably gonna be similar, it probably gonna need public data and there is nothing confidential about it (??).
(KA) Thats also relatively (??) manage data thats already (??) we dont have to like find a release and host it and all that.
(KC) And then the user data that you probably can write something (??).
<parallel_talk>
Yeah.
Then I'll I'll I'll.
I'll send out I'm gonna set it up on GitHub and Overleaf.
And then send out the link and ask people to continue.
And its gonna be one of the the EU has has a template for data management plan.
(??)
<parallel_talk>
Thats it I think for the (??) unless anybody has any comments or questions.
(KA) Yeah, so (??) what are the deadlines for other people to contribute to the data management plan.
(KC) So I am I'm lead I'm lea- I physically (??) on the list, from the 27th 27th of May and basically go on, and then I'm basically back on June 25th, so.
But I think its, so the last 5 days that week we can wrap up.
So end of May.
25th of May.
(??)
<parallel_talk>
<laugh>
 (??)
(O) Sorry, I I 
<other_yawn>
missed that, what is 25th of May, the draft of data management plan or what?
(KC) (??) deadlines (??) abstracted on 14th.
(O) Yeah, okay.
(KC) (??) deadline 21st, and I would like to have first draft of the data management plan in place on the 24th.
(O) Well.
Its the first draft.
(KC) (??) And we still have we still have I'll probably check in some time in June.
So if if people want to want to do that later thats okay.
(O) Yeah.
Yes, since the data management plan does not require us to actually have the data already.
It is only a plan.
(KC) Its very straightforward its like you know, and then pushing (??) basically gonna be, you gonna use probably data, the big data that produces is gonna be creative commons, and we are going to distribute it so that (??).
(KB) Really, you shouldnt have the data until this is sorted in theory.
(O) Yes, yes, exactly.
Yeah.
So we've agreed previously we have agreed that we'll create a separate version of Tchang, which would would be fine with this licensing (??) free, and the the way we we talked about this yesterday hre, is that we will check the sources, and we will preview we will give you preview of the sources to Mozilla so that Mozilla can confirm which types of sources they are fine with, and which not, there is obviously things which are always shaky like subtitles open subtitles.
Should they be part of that or not.
We hope Mozilla will be fine with that.
But the final word will be for Mozilla and then we'll create such such a subset of of Tchang that Mozilla has approved, and that would be it.
So this this is our part for that.
(KA) So the funny thing is Kelly kept falling up the call, while you were saying that.
(??)
Now, the.
(KC) The thing its recorded so you can listen to it later.
<laugh>
(O) Yeah, and while the recording is useful for this as well, I would actually prefer if if people when there are saying some important days or or things, if they could also type it right away to the search for Google Doc.
So I did it for the, first draft due on may 24.
But I think its its useful for everybody who has a like a little bit of network connection issues, so that the voices not too clear.
To see the the the dates and the important points right away, so that  that speeds up the meetings.
(KA) And it also gives some training (??) to ELITR.
(O) Uh, true?
<laugh>
(KA) So Kelly, you probably didnt get all of, I guess related question is, you are going to have some showdown with (??) on 14th of May or (??).
(K) Yeah, I will, I mean I dont know if I put it to showdown but sort of a query I will post to the about this, but yes.
Yeah, I would showdown it might it not be in a showdown but (??) probably (??) wont be over resolved on the 14th, but I mean it will probably be so the begging of a several week process.
One thing okay one thing its sort of interesting in that is in terms of one thing we are doing in terms of (??) open speech corpora collection or whatever.
I talked to (??) in regards to that in terms of.
I guess we are creating a language model for simplified Chinese Mandarin and legal advise is that the act of creating language model actually (??) your code to create language model, didnt work (??) to use the same license as the text you are creating a language model from.
So, for example, creating language model from Wikipedia, which is CC by whatever (??) like we can license it as (??).
And its fine, so thats giving me hope at least but I mean I still need to (??) kind of lets say see the details in this regard, I think we should be okay.
But just I should check lets say.
(KA) (??).
<laugh>
Appears to be opinion that it that it does actually wonder the copywrite, which is good,  because neural models have been more clear of case from that and I even the conservative (??) are (??) believe that the neural model is created.
Thats is waffle use of the data as long as you have waffle access to it.
(K) Yeah, okay.
And (??) talking to the (??) to this language model, (??) so there is hope.
(KA) Yeah, I mean, honestly the difference between the language model, and the neural  translation model.
(K) Lets see.
(KA) But yeah, if you are able to really (??) language model, then you should be able to do your own model (??) at the end of the day.
(K) Yeah, I agree.
So I'm okay I'm up to (??) about that, fortunately (??) in the US.
So they should understand fair use a lot better, but there are maybe some jurisdictional questions around this, but thats illegal structures with multiple different companies therefore.
Yeah
(??) been fun dealing with lawyers to (??).
Given that, the large company (??) okay.
Like PBN and yeah.
PBN delivering something to the government US government system using (??) calls apparently happening, so.
We sho-, and the EE translation services that though, there are some people caring whether thats okay or not.
Moving on, there is the software with speed stuff which I will point the camera at the (??) hopefully (??).
(KD) Right so, we have we have a (??) version that (??) is just as good as previous version, I have some experimental code that also supports only (??) without contifi- contization which should been necessary when we have the 8-bit model start.
And it is waiting for review from Kenneth.
<laugh>
(KA) Kenneth (??) review anything until after May 14th.
<laugh>
You dont have that one (??).
And, also we have a speed (??) test coming up in August right? 
Yeah.
So the next round of the workshop on neural machine translation is going to happen.
And we should parti- we will be participating in that with Microsoft.
And that will be fine.
There is some more stuff to be done on the well precision site..
But also, I think I'm going to try and get Intel to implement some of the nine matrix multiplication (??) efficiently on CPUs.
<parallel_talk>
I'm sorting some stuff out with Intel right now.
Yes, okay.
And, we have conviniently given multiple deliverables to Edinburgh (??) with a Robin has (??) someone.
(KB) (??) is finally (??) is starting on Monday, he's actually with originally Colombian but he's now UK citizen.
Fortunately for these (??).
But his name is (??) and he'll be (??) language processing and he's done a lot of work in there (??). 
He's done a lot of (??) tracking but he's computational modular and a build systems as well (??) releases.
So hopefully he'll be able to communicate with everybody and understand (??) going on as well, he's done app development and server things (??) as well as interface stuff.
And comprehention.
Yeah, so I'll introduce him to everyone here on whenever he's here on Monday.
And email the details (??) Bergamot system.
Thats thats meaningly (??) moment.
(??) get the plan with him next week.
<laugh>
Yes.
<laugh>
Thas part of it too.
(KA) I guess the Estonians are not on at all.
So I havent heard anything back from them about we can 't make it, and hopefully (??).
<parallel_talk>
Yeah.
We did give them some late notice (??).
So the the point is that there is some other deadlines around the 30th of September, that include actually Sheffield has sort of deadline, which is delivering some report for the informal review so.
While, its not a formal deliverable, sorry, Fred.
(KA) You might have to do something for.
You might have to writesomething (??) has to be clear that uh-huh, probably a presentation.
Maybe two pages (??).
I suspect what is going to happen (??) still want everything, by the end of September.
So the revere (??) can look at it, and then to actually the presentation, the commons as late as the actual live thing we do in front of them, but we will want to look at each others presentations before we actually do (??) project officer.
(F) So that would be a today 's, uh today meeting, right?
Where we meet the day before um (??).
(KA) I do not know, we need to be that formal, because all remote, (??) but I think we should see each others slides before it happens.
And it is not going to be a day long meeting neither, project officers.
I think he was (??) three to four hours, um.
So.
And the output will be recommendation is not anything formal because it is not a formal review.
But we should all have something ready.
So, yeah (??).
And, and similarly, Ondrej, uh.
(??)
There is there is deliverables.
They want to talk about.
(??) conveniently sorted by time.
OK.
Um, we have basic Firefox integration do on the 30 of September, and do we have anything to from (??). 
(O) Not that we would be aware of that.
But so OK honestly what, I would suggest is that we take this thing we currently have with round-trip translation and dress it up with, uh bit of description of what it does, and and fix the logo, and than.
I mean, we have demo of outbound translation.
That is what this is.
(??), but that could be something that is presented to the reviewers.
(O) So the good thing is that this student who developed this is actually interested in taking short summer internship with us.
So like, doing work for money.
This was work for like school requirements and your during that time he will have also try to integrate (??) first prototyping, and we will see (??) will work, and (??) of scores complexity (??) estimated.
So it will be the colors will be different on the source, the also based on the source complexity, but possibly, and also, uh, what I would like him to work on would be to to sketch, what the evolution on humans could be like.
So if we put real humans user a human users in front of this user interface.
Would they be actually able to ask for the tax refund for for the Danish trains that you mentioned, the previously.
So would they be able to use the the form to to create a message.
And what what would they need.
So I 'm happy to have heard about the uh, the new person for the user interface joining bergamot on Monday, because we <parallel_talk>.
Yeah, will be.
We will be in touch with him, and uh, (?) the summer, some first like ideas what the task for the people should be, uh could could be scetched and and anotation interface like the the the interface of the experiment prepared, and then gradually, we will be collecting peoples behavior on that user interface.
(KB) And might be also worth thinking who (??)  are going to be (??) target (??) create appropriate task scenarios.
SO whether is the (??) or something else.
But probably good to have real examples that we try (??) <parallel_talk>.
(O) So that is maybe a call for everyone.
Please if you like, uh, are just browsing the Web.
If you spot any websites that have forms with not too long, but still open texts fields that you would need to fill in.
Please let us know where gathering these are the real world examples of what what would people possibly need.
The problem is that in many cases these forms could be hidden after like behind some registration, or or whatever.
So, yeah.
But it could be also this simple like contact us forms.
And then we, we could come up with some things what people want to ask or whatever the the public transport or or what what do they want.
(KA) I have just had an idea, and we could have the register for (??) marathon speaking of which we may wish to include this in our dissemination plan that in late August, early September, and we should give the (??) date <parallel_talk> 
Were going to be doing (??) marathon, and we made disseminate (??) project proposal, or something.
<parallel_talk>
(O)Yeah, another thing is a call for papers.
I know that you are quite skeptical about the the utility of the open source tools papers in (??) of mathematical linguistics <parallel_talk>
(KA) (??) last year
(O) Yes there were only two submissions exactly.
Yeah.
So the question is whether (??).
I know that you are sceptical (??).
So, I 'm happy to cancel it when there is zero submissions, but <parallel_talk> <laugh> (??)
I have not heard Roman now, but I would like one person.
(KR) I said the them those were not the only to submission (??) the submission.
<laugh>
(??)
(O) Sorry, Kenneth say it again.
(KA)What was the acceptance (??).
(O) uh, I think we, well from the with (??) count as <laugh>.
I think we had some submission that was withdrawn, so it was not accept <laugh>
(??) <parallel_talk> .
(O) No, no no.
It is relevant (??) marathon.
(KA) Yeah, um, (??).
I think it will be good to mention something that the MT marathon in bergamot dissemination like (??).
So having something there will will probably project.
And (??).
<laugh>
Th short, uh presentation around that or something back, (??) likes the sorts of things when you organize workshops with the community and disseminate to other people (??). So we might as well report something we want to do and which will actually be dissemination, uh.
So I 'm (??).
<other_noise>
<laugh>
Ok.
Thank you.
For (??) Firefox integration is also due (??)
<other_noise>
So how are we doing on basic Firefox integration (??) september.
(K)I have not started on it.
To be completly honest.
Unfortunately, I have several things up in the air, and it just (??)
So Yeah, I mean, I 'm not.
I 'm (??) data not really worried about is the matter sort of.
It gives me a little bit of time between now and then (??) integrate things in (??).
And and most the coded surge to (??) me sitting down and getting source kode and (??) and integrating, since you are back in which our exist into the code (??).
(??) worry too much just a matter (??) actually do this.
(KA) Yeah, I 'm concerned that you will not.
You may not have hired someone before the deliverable is do.
(K) Yeah me too, and a and the same concerns (??).
(??) my function at this point.
(??) be me doing it.
That is my my (??) that just that matters (??) scheduling days where I do not allow other people to schedule stuff in my day time its (??) comes down to.
<laugh>
Should be like, OK (??) two or three days of (??) work on (??) thing.
Everyone else can just not talk to me in these two or three days that is difficult part at this point.
(K) Okay.
Um, we can schedule a day longer bergamot review.
<laugh>
<parallel_talk>
(??)
(KA) A project meeting.
<parallel_talk> I do not think any a of us are qualified enough and Javascript stuff.
I 'm not sure if Javascript is your Forte.
Either with this figure that (??).
(K) I mean, (??)
I think most the back, and it is currently all.
I guess most, the code that is currently in Firefox (??) translation.
The UI (??) right now.
(??).
I mean, some of it might be the thing that I 'm probably the majority work of the what just getting all of those sets for firefighters build again.
But I think the marjority work is other than that.
Half of the workers should (??), integration, work (??).
(??)
If I switch you went back enough for another back in (??) steep differences between two back in (??) has been horrible (??) same time it.
I could be surprised by working on it.
(KA) It will lower the (??) of your success to start earlier.
<parallel_talk>
(K) completely agree.
(KA) Though it is nice Mozilla (??) the initial immigration work with Google translate before it (??) project. 
<laugh>
(K) Yeah, agree also.
Makes my life easier.
(KA) Uh, it is not possible for you to pay the people who did the original work are they Americans or something.
(K) I think some of them are.
Some of them are (??).
I think there is one guy Spain (??) get from the initial work.
And the other people are in (??).
As far as I remember.
I mean, can maybe can contact the guy in Spain (??) interesting sort of suggestion.
I can contact him (??) some sort of several months in a bracket contacted (??) " Hey, can (??) you in on this."
I guess it is going.
I guess I need to contact him and his boss, (??) more important part of the equation.
Really.
Because I am pretty sure he be entered (??).
(??)
And (??) form part is getting a (??) off on that, which is always more difficult side of things.
(KA) I thought the difficult side of things was getting sign up (??)
(K) Yeah, that is looking boss levels above that (??) increases each level you go.
<laugh>
(KA) Okay, I guess (??).
Other comments people have anything I should say the jellyfish today 
<other_noise>
(F) (??) Do you have more information, because where they would be (??) to the end of August.
The beginning of September
(KA) That is a great question (??).
(KR) <parallel_talk> (??) wednesday to monday.
And we will come from this in next.
I do not know, maybe two weeks when the (??) alocation is finished here in Edinburgh.
(F) Alright, thanks.
(KA) Back to me, uh, the only problem or having is their allocating (??) and stuff.
So it is harder for us to (??).
I 'm also (??).
Okay, I guess the the last time of bussinesses (??) customer (??) the setting time for another meeting, possibly when (??) is not here.
The sometime in June, it is a little weird, because I talked to the other project coordinators more than I talk to my own project, because they are these two coordination (??), and and they both invite us to to their deliverables for them.
And, though. 
(F) So really you are you are (??) to us with the (??) project right?
(KC) (??) talk to Lucia, chances I can just copy and paste stuff from other data mension plans
(F) Alright (??).
(KC) (??).
(??) probably (??) something as as something that (??).
(KA) (??) quality estimation data.
(F) (??) cool.
(KA) (??) management section (??) bergamot (??) recreated the diagram.
(KC) And and we do not expect high levels of literary novelty for surprise events.
So like, you know, (??).
(F) Okay, good to know.
(KA) (??) trying to write my own management section, and just got all those (??) from one that they (??) before (??).
(F) Can we not have (??) basicly write it up for us.
(??)
<other_noise>
(KA) So I guess we will organize something in June.
And there is an (??) more frequent meetings (??) deliverables approach.
If the deliverables do not exist yet.
And the Ondrej this student of yours who is making demo thing (??)  going to do an internship with you?
(O) Yes, if you can hear me.
(KA) Okay, well, let us know if they want a  PH D or.
(O) And they do not want to stay in Prague.
(KA) And they do not want to stay in Prague.
(??) <laugh>
(F) Sorry i have to go now.
Ondrej, if you can come back to me with the (??) come back to me  with the details were getting (??), because as I mentioned we are we refactoring it.
So it could be interesting to see how (??) would like all you can have.
We can integrate it in your in your tool so we can make it easier.
<parallel_talk>
(O) Is an important message.
<other_noise>
I might have miss that, because of network issues when you are talking about that.
(F) Alright I will come back to you and by email.
(O) And thank you.
(F) Cheers.
<parallel_talk>
(KA) (??) fourteen 21. 28. well, I do not know if people have strong opinions. 
<other_noise> probably doing.
(??)
Okay, (??) anyone going to (??) my duty and seven (??) someone 's going (??).
We will (??) not decide on this call because Mark is not on this call, and we were (??).
Okay.
I 'm the cracking on those deliverables and, everyone have something to show for those September end of September thing for this informal review, (??) 
Thanks, everyone bye
<other_noise>
(O) Yeah thank you.
Bye bye.
How you are the only participant in the conference, you the only participant in the conference...