(A) Hi.
(B) Hello, Jan and Sebastian.
Hi.
(A) It's only me I have to change, sorry.
(B) (??) yeah, Okay, yeah, never mind.
<laugh>
So hi Jan.
So have you seen my requests, or the e-mail to consider a work-package leadership?
(A) Um, yes, so we can -
Uh so yeah.
Sorry.
We are both, some not there in the office today the speak, so it is little bit -
(B) Yeah.
(A) Busy.
So I’ll be also -
(B) Yeah.
(A) A little bit late with writing
Um so I think one problem was data might be the (??) we don't have.
Um, person-months in there? 
(B) Well, th- so this is or s- so -
So I do not know, what is your status of person-months, 
like whether whether you have full already reached to what seems a reasonable, 
or whether you - 
(A) I I still hadn't but you can add more, that's of course great.
The problem was that we also -
Um, I mean, we very few and associate MT yet.
Because we had to put s- quite some on on ASR.
(B) Uhm.
(A) Because nobody else is doing it.
We would like to do more on on the other 3 tasks SLT, MT and -
But of course, we are somehow limited.
Um, if you want, I mean, that's because we were already involved in 4 work-packages like ASR, MT, SLT and the um minuting.
(B) Yeah.
I don't think that that should be a problem.
(A) Okay, yeah.
I mean, but we have to, yeah.
But I am so -
But if you want, I guess, we could also lead that.
All we could w- lead, um, um, um.
(C) <other_speech unrecognizable>
Um, last 1, the minuting.
(C) <other_speech unrecognizable>
(D) Hi everyone.
(B) Yeah, yeah.
Hello.
Hello.
Okay.
So uh, well, we'll we'll discuss this Jan in in the 2nd also was a was UEDIN
because I also haven't heard from Rico on this.
So I think we are all because Dario is not going to join today 
and also a S- SAO is not going to join the call, 
although they have created this GoToMeeting for us.
And by the way, the GoToMeeting is being recorded.
So it’s this is for the exercise of of the minuting to have some some recordings.
So I hope, you are all okay with this and thanks for coming and welcome.
And so as you see, the the agenda in the Google doc has has grown a bit.
Have you? -
Do do you see my screen, or not?
(A) Yes, we see your screen.
(B) Yes, okay.
Yeah, yeah, that's good.
Uh, so uh, so the first point is an update on SAO status.
That's like the official way of of of their involvement in the project, and we are discussing this 
and and we are in contact with the contact points and and all that.
Uh, so in the B part it seems that they should be at least for now list- be listed as a as a partner.
But in the actual application they will be the 3rd party linked through us and the -
So they will the the the current idea is 
that they will have a few person-months in various places, 
but they will actually paid this person-months for themselves.
Uh so the person-month will be included in our total afterwards, 
like officially on the outside.
And we will not the request all the- the corresponding money, 
uh, uh, because their part will be deducted uh.
So that's so that's why the the the proposal in the in the -
Yeah, the the budget draft this this Google spread-sheet, 
as we know, slightly changed.
So the thing that we we need to make below 3 million is only in column P.
If you see that.
So there's requested your contribution 
and requested keep your contribution is somewhat lower than the total total estimated eligible costs, 
and that's because the the SAO line will be then eventually merged with with our line, 
but it will uh, the money will come from SAO and not from us.
So this is the current this is the current status. 
From the technical point of view, we should probably treat them as as standalone partner
contributing rather few person-months.
And the responsibility that this happens is on us because they are linked through us.
Okay.
So then, the other thing is something, 
that I need to discuss a probably only with UEDIN and Karlsruhe.
And that's the leadership of work-packages. 
Because SAO are like not not a standalone, not a full partner here.
Uh, they cannot lead the work-package on data.
Uh, so I thought, that it it would be the good that one of the research partners, uh, does this.
And uh, we are responsible for the multilingual MT and management
and for now for minuting as well. 
Uh, and so the like we have data and minuting kind of available, 
uh, for Karlsruhe or UEDIN, or we can do it as as well, but -
Yeah so uh, yeah, s- so I do not know if UEDIN has any opinion on this?
(C) So I I think it would make more sense if Charles University keep the minuting part 
because you also I -
(B) (??).
(C) You've minuting that and you have the concept, you have the most involved in there.
(B) Yeah.
(C) I mean, you to - 
It's okay, to have the data work-package either us or Karlsruhe (??).
I think that Karlsruhe what their what their position is -
(B) Yeah, so I've talked to –
Yeah, Jan Jan please, said that’s say that.
(A) So yeah, of course you’re most of it, 
so we can also keep the minuting otherwise since the K- Edinburgh and more on on data.
I would have suggested that UEDIN does data 
and we do minuting but I'm fine with anything else too.
(B) Okay.
Yeah, so that's that's very flexible.
Thank you.
So I would suggest indeed that UEDIN takes the data, 
and then we or Karlsruhe we will do minuting.
And we will see like -
It's not it's not very important actually.
So I'll check the involvement and plan involvement of Karlsruhe.
And if it's uh, if the involvement is really imbalance
and if there is totally us in the end when the numbers are polished, 
it's probably better if we we keep that.
But if if it's like a -
We c- we can have the majority of person-month.
But still, if it is if it's kind of comparable, 
then it would be okay also to the to to give it to to Karlsruhe.
Okay.
So Ricco, the main question -
The <parallel_talk> UEDIN will lead data <parallel_talk> is that okay?
(C) Yes.
(B) Yeah, thank you.
Okay.
And then the next bit is the involvement of everybody in the integration work-package. 
So Dario is traveling and that's why he is not available in this call today.
And the the the Overleaf is is not very easily editable for him.
So we agreed that for the work package 6.
Uh, there is the separate Google document for now.
And that's where he's is describing the the work package 
and our part, then to pour this to the Overleaf.
So so this is the (??) document for integration.
And it’s important, that everybody will check this document 
and c- provide the input to to Dario.
And this should be finished tomorrow.
So Dario, is is like accessing this document every now and then,
and he plans to have the complete draft ready tomorrow.
So everybody, please check this and contribute to this.
The most important parts are these missing bits.
(??) task 6.2 as now proposed the integration was the unified communication platform.
And this is something that Alfaview and PerVoice have to discuss like directly with each other.
So they know there are technical preferences and and constraints and and all that.
And from like the management or the user point of view 
it’s if someone is is using the Alfaview teleconferencing thing,
there would be simply some like to translate this for me or interpret this for me 
and the subtitle (??).
And technically, there will be some link between Alfaview and and PerVoice
and it has to be created at some point during the project.
So there is the disk my understanding of what the unified communication platform is. 
And my understanding is that this unified communication platform is only for the online meetings.
For the life meetings that's w- something,
that Dario put now into the uh, the last task,
which is the SAO events and in and the the publishing platform.
So the idea is that the there at the conference or at the workshop, 
there will be the microphones 
and that the signal we gathered and translated somewhere
and then it has to be delivered to the participants in a subtitles.
And that's the publishing platform, this this delivering the subtitles to the uh, to the users.
And that can be anything on cell phones, so -
So I've I've been trying to persuade Dario to have the separate.
So that we would be have one task on the platform del- development
and another task on the actual presence of the technical people at these events 
to to debug the thing as as it is running.
If Dario (is) fine, that will have actually five tasks and and not have four 
and if if he is strongly opposed, then this task will probably be merged, 
or there is another option to like merge this publishing platform into this unified communication platform.
And I don't know, what is what is better.
So this this this is for Alfaview and PerVoice to discuss directly
and I 'm happy to join that the communication,
but mainly all the decisions will be on on you.
So if Alfaview can confirm that they are a- a- aware of this 
and they will try to get in touch with Dario 
and we could have a separate call tomorrow on this.
I do not know, what is your availability A- Alfaview.
(D) I think we can coordinate, yeah, we can coordinate that.
Uh, maybe not tomorrow, you know.
(B) Uhm.
(D) But we'll, yeah, we'll figure it out.
(B) Yeah.
So another thing, which is very much related to this, is the integration of the minuting.
And that is something, where we also need to be present.
So that's task, which is now planned as task 6.3 
and I estimated that this would be the 2nd and 3rd year of the project
because (Thursday) of the minuting obvious to has to be a created.
And there are some milestones related to this, 
that the actual summarization offer should be expected only in the middle of the 2nd year 
or something like that.
So there is like a half year uh, uh, uh had or (slack) time at the beginning.
So that Alfaview can create what they need.
So that's -
Yeah, this is this is also something that that we should discuss
and if you can I would prefer to to have at least short meeting tomorrow 
because well, time is really running up and we need to to write the text 
that the describes what we are going to do.
So what we should agree on those things very early.
So that but that's something that w- yeah, Alfaview and and PerVoice and us have to have to talk about primarily.
And then uh, um, below for the below is what Dario proposed under the title deliverables.
And he listed just the months and the titles. 
And I suggested to have few deliverables here.
So this is important for like all the partners because that the integration.
Um, and I s- I suggest to have the uh, the first engine integrated only as a milestone,
not as a deliverable.
Then the preparatory event should be also a milestone as as I see it.
There, for the publishing platform I would actually make it a deliverable,
which is a software and report.
But I do not have this confirmed from Dario yet.
And then the unified communication platform is the link between Alfaview, PerVoice
and then like s- s- remotely also all us, but we are like hidden.
We are we are behind the the PerVoice wall.
And I think that this could be probably a milestone only, 
but it could be also the deliverable (??) a report like a software delivered.
So it's that's - 
That's is this is something that the Alfaview and PerVoice have to agree on.
And then the the EUROSAI event.
That's the E- that's the main conference.
I 'm uh, uh, considering to to make it the deliverable actually.
Maybe later, with some slack time after the after the actual conference.
So there will be a task, the task which is No. 6.3 I 6.4 I believe.
There would be for all the partners to attend the conference,
well, rather the servers-room during the conference time
and and hack and fix whatever is needed to to give a smooth performance of the systems.
And then I would suggest that this deliverable would some months later, 
should describe what has been done. 
And part of this as a digest could have a formal journal paper, 
like that we have delivered this automatic interpreting and and how all that worked.
So does this make sense to to do the research partners? 
And also to well, PerVoice is not here, 
but to to Alfaview for the dissemination purpose for example? 
Does this make sense?
(D) Yeah, this this makes sense.
Okay, so I have to activate my microphone all the time but -
Yeah.
(B) Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sorry <laugh>.
Yeah, okay.
So I'll we'll see whether Dario likes this as well and hopefully you will. 
So that's that that would be a deliverable associated with the EUROSAI Congress.
And then there is what I would make a milestone.
The the automatic minuting integrated with a platform.
And so I'll say that that's a first version.
And the reason is, 
that still the tasks on the development of the minuting are running even after this month 28.
So that's why I expect that there would be like a final version of closer towards the end of the project.
But I know that time aspect and at that time of the project already.
So so this is something which I put in -
The first version of is something that I put into the brackets there 
and I might actually remove it.
And for the other events that we will have after the EUROSAI Conference,
I suggest that we have again report so deliverable, that will describe how this run.
And but that would not be like probably that much publicity needed towards that, 
because this would be smaller meetings 
and we still need to learn from the experience.
And and like collect the the user complains 
and collect technical issues that we encountered
and and propose fixes which what's for month 32, 
which should hardly will fixed be the (??) of the service at the end of the project.
So please, everybody and especially Alfaview contribute to this.
The involvements, the number of person-months -
It is the uh, like everybody should have person-months in for example, the integration of us.
So the first month, should not go into this Google doc.
Please put the person-month into the the Overleaf 
or or 3D Overleaf tentative in this in this respect, until this is merged in.
And that should happen over the weekend hopefully.
So hopefully most of this document will be finished tomorrow
and I can merge it to the Overleaf over the weekend.
So that's the that's the inform integration work-package.
And now lets us move to overall proposal.
So the the big thing is the project name.
And I've asked also other colleagues, but not too many.
So I I I invite you to ask around as well
because we have now two names with like general p- general preferences on on them.
And one of them is the InMiTra and the other one is the ELITR.
European Live Translator.
Yeah, I’m I’m undecided.
So yeah, <laugh> ask around if you have any strong opinions.
I think both names are are good.
Uh, yeah.
Any any opinions how to proceed?
(C) I think both acronyms (sound) fine, 
but (??) spell it out European Live Translator has a nice origin and -
(B) Yes, yeah, yeah, yeah.
<parallel_talk> ELITR has a nicer content, spelled-out version. <parallel_talk>
Yeah, so the problem of ELITR is being too similar to litter is not.
If if we pronounce ELITR, then that it is okay I think <laguh>.
So there is there is now slide chief like a -
At least in my head towards ELITR so I've -
We might end up as as ELITR.
Okay.
(C) <other_speech unrecognizable> E-litter it's it's it's it's -
(B) E-litter, yeah.
E-litter it's close -
(C) (??) to litter.
(B) Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
<laugh>
So, so <parallel_talk> We will probably have this. <parallel_talk>
Okay, so now, the next point is that every work-package leader should present the respective work-package.
Okay?
Where's commanding (whole thing).
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah there is the pronunciation.
So I would like now to ask every work-package leader to present their work-package
and now will run into the problem,
that we are not quite decided, who is going to lead which work-package.
So the the best way to look at work-packages in our (commitment) is to look at these compact tables.
And that's why we prefer to have the proposal organized this way.
So the 1st work-package is on data 
and it was supposed to be led by SAO but this is now changing.
It could be us or it could be uh, UEDIN.
And I 'm happy to present it at the beginning.
And the the person-month that I’ve put here,
I think I’ve put also, like the first month for for other research partners in 
and and for SAO myself.
So that treat these numbers, it’s very tentative and and consider any updates
and do any updates in the Overleaf as as you like.
So overall this work-package, well, there’s one more thing the, 
that may be to give you an overview.
We have a picture.
You might not have noticed, but we have a picture of the projects structure
and that picture of fairly reflects this.
This is the picture.
It says, that that data provides input to all the research work-packages
and then their researcher of work-packages the ASR, MT contribute to SLT
and ASR contributes to minuting and data also contributes the minuting
and the work-package of integration somehow get there’s all the results from these work-packages.
I may did this in-explicit because the ASR will also be directly use in the integration.
Some people would like maybe to see just the English subtitles without any translation
and we are deliverabilitly not very specific about the machine translation service
that we are delivering like for text documents.
That that’s something that is boring to do and in the worst case we we can do it
but we can’t of rely also on the (??) of the European a translation (facility) run by (dgt)
that we will rather provide technology to them
and and leave the translation on them.
So this is a -
There is no deployment of the translation service planned in the in the project.
But there is research plan th- r- research plans.
And the work-package dissemination, 
then publicizes all these results from the work-packages
and the management like (stands) on the side and and check that everything proceeds mostly.
So now let’s move to the work-package on data.
And then the next one will be Karlsruhe presenting the the planned task in the work-package on on ASR.
So within data, I've created tasks for data for speaker and accent adaptation.
So here, the idea is that we will record re-speakers and process this data
and create the training data set.
And and then the ASR work-package will use this data set.
And we will also transcribe the data that we need to to transcribe.
So for example, if we know who where be the main speaker at the conference,
we can get some of his old speeches and transcribe these
and does get data for the speaker adaptation.
So this is this is task, where the main partner should be Karlsruhe
because they know how to process the data.
But we will for example, a- approaches the the equipment to the the recordings
and for for the re-speakers.
And PerVoice will probably do the same,
if UEDIN would like al- also to have some of the re-speakers,
then like coming from their side, then they they might at the themselves.
There is one related thing, so let me jump ahead in the agenda, in the Google sheet.
There is this there is this budget s- the the (surge) sheet in this in this Google document.
It’s like a collection of hours and a number of speakers that we would like to record data from.
That’s for the adaptation purposes.
And also the number of speakers or re-speakers,
that we want to have a present at the conferences and workshops to actually do the re-speaking.
And I’ve added only some for Czech and some for English
and I actually forgot to include the English for the purpose of of sitting at the conference.
So I would like to ask especially Karlsruhe to to add any lines for them.
If they need to uh, if they need to uh, record some specific persons
and if they want to uh, if you want to us to do it like so that it goes through our budget
that’s also possible.
So like then uh, then en- enter us as as having the people in
and here in in the comments say that like this is for Karlsruhe experiments have or whatever.
So so we can do the the recording for you
because we probably will need the the re-speakers primarily in Prague.
But you may have specific ideas, like how many hours do you need per person.
These numbers are now based on the estimates that Dario provided me with.
And Dario is also Dario als- should also put here, some some lines for for PerVoice here
because they also want to focus on Italian, so there will be some speaker adaptation for Italian as well.
And one more thing.
If you decide to actually run the the recording at your side,
is that the preferably, the speaker should also be recorded in a (Jan)
in the re-speaking session because then the voice is different fr- due to the pressure
and that’s put on the speaker.
So so UEDIN and Karlsruhe, please, consider, how many hours do we need in the project.
And how many hours do do you want to record yourself.
If you do not want to record yourself, then say, that we should do the recording.
And this will give us the total number of person-months.
This is the number of hours, which is something that the ASR people should check,
whether this is sufficient or -
Well, this this is a this is for also the attendance of the conferences.
So for the for the adaptation you should check whether these numbers are sufficient.
And for the number of person-month per partner, this is something which contributes to the budget.
So then this is the number that w- I will add or or you will add to the data work-package
uh, and uh, this will then get po- propagated to the number of a number of hours here
and that will like a contribute to the budget.
Okay.
So it’s that clear?
UEDIN and and Karlsruhe?
(D) Yes.
(C) Yeah (??).
(B) Yeah, okay, thank you.
(D) Sorry Ondrej, just one general question about the (data operation) -
(B) Yeah.
(D) Is whether we need <other_speech unrecognizable>.
Whether we we need to have it as a personal (??) subcontracting but yet.
As we were yeah, we were thinking about the translations test sets but -
(B) Um-hum.
(D) Could apply to the the speaker.
(B) Yeah, uh, I don’t -
(D) (??).
(B) Yeah, I do not have any opinion on this.
So I think that subcontracting is covered as well.
It’s probably just a different the box in the in the proposal.
So more -
(D) So I think you should you should (??) have proposal time.
I -
(B) Yeah, yeah.
(D) And we were very.
(??) not really (??) subcontracting?
And respect we -
(B) Yeah.
(D) Difficult you want add subcontracting (??),
that’s not really possible.
Probably -
(B) Yeah, yeah, exactly.
(D) In personal (??) possible (??).
(B) Yeah, yeah.
So for us for us is it’s probably easier as personal up front
because we can handle this we do handle the the number of annotators,
that large numbers of annotators anyway.
So so we have these short-term contracts with them
and the University is already like not happy, but I can sum to that.
So they they do it for us.
If you if you yourself would like to have this subcontracts, then in this table uh.
(C) I I think we pro- produce any re-speaker data selves and but -
I think we talk about who creates as a test sets.
I think we can we should also discuss that.
(B) Yeah, that’s that’s a good question.
<laugh>
Um.
So if if it turns out that some data should be gathered the like outside of Prague
and UEDIN or Karlsruhe would like to do through subcontracting,
please, say so here, in the command and I will see that
and I’ll like make sure that this person-months are not there yet
and but somehow, we should have an estimate on on the cost of that.
So if you make it a subcontracting, then uh -
<parallel_talk> Ours total <parallel_talk>
Yeah, well, I modify the sheet, the sheet is flexible, this is this is something that we can get (away).
So so than maybe just create a column like this is subcontracting and it will be this m- much Euros.
And I will create a summary table that that assembles the the subcontracting
and I 'm like make sure that the person-month are not like added as person-month among
but rather only as a subcontracting.
So the subcontracting will not go through the Overleaf,
the subcontracting would go directly into this table into the into this part.
(D) (??) whether re-speakers got (??) conference.
(B) Yes, so the (??) and workshops.
So the workshops this there is the main event conference
and we said that we want at least one event before that
and that could be like smaller scale and that will be mainly the English held discussion,
but it’s non-native speakers.
And we need to adapt to them
and we have the re-speakers to to help this to help the event run (??) smoothly.
So there is one before the conference, then there are several during the conference
when the plenary session is not running and then in the proposal,
we currently estimate that there will be 2 afterwards.
Either during one of them during already the 2nd year
and one in the 3rd year or 2 in the 3rd year or something like that.
So -
(D) Does that mean? -
So I supposed the problem is that i- if we hire re-speaker, we would like to get (??) Prague.
(B) Yes, yes, exactly.
(D) (??) if you hire re-speaker you will find a language re-speaker in Prague.
(B) Yes.
Yes, yes, exactly.
(D) (??) problematic I I I don’t know what (??) options (??) easier?
I don’t know.
(B) So I think it’s uh, it’s it’s easier if we do it, if we find the re-speaker
and if like you as ASR experts will say: „we need to to handle the conference and the workshops in the amount as as like outline in the proposal,
we have to have this many re-speakers and for each speaker,
we have to have this many hours so that the system can adapt to that.”
Dario mentioned, that this depends on the ASR system,
like the number of hours that you need per person.
And then you will say that we should find the re-speakers
and and record it for them and we will do it.
And it will be persons located in Prague
and and the hopefully they will not get sick on the on the important days.
<laugh>
(D) <laugh>
(B) Yeah, okay, so please populate this table 
and feel free to enter even like non-standard information.
Like, I want someone else to do it, but I need this to be done and and all that.
So do- don’t worry about that, but make sure the information gets gets in there.
So that was the 1st task and let’s <laugh> let’s proceed.
So there is -
The 2nd task is calling external resources for machine translation and spoken language translation.
And this is uh, um, uh -
Yeah.
This is the the the the downloading work and and polishing work for the MT part.
I do not know whether we should have a separate task.
We probably should, on like creating the ASR at the training data
because the the plan is that we will not really record and create any new transcripts for training data,
except for adaptation, for ASR.
So for ASR we should rely on available data sets.
But there may be some work needed to to polish them, acurate them for the purposes of the project.
So this would be on Karlsruhe to add such a task.
And maybe UEDIN and to estimate how many person-months should should be devoted to that.
So uh, Yeah.
There could be one more task.
And Jan maybe if you could take a note and and add it
or i- if you think that this can be like easily done and doesn’t need a task here, that’s all possible,
but I think it’s it’s better to have that in.
Okay, then there is some non-trivial time for the minuting data.
For the minuting data, we need to record or gather existing online meetings
and manually revise the transcript.
So we should gather transcripts from some ASR system,
but we should we should revise them.
And we should a create or collect and polish the documents related to that.
So the agenda and the minutes afterwards and make it a data set both training
and test data set for the purposes of of minuting.
So this is like major, preliminary work before the research on minuting can can begin.
The deliverables here are are -
Yeah?
(E) Point to the test sets.
Should we include that maybe in task 1.1 or so?
Because we anyway collect this adaptation and development data.
It would make sense to directly include to test sets
because they should be from the same domain and -
(B) Yes, yes, yes, that’s good.
So I when I wrote this, I thought that like test sets will be then taken out as a part of from from the data.
But it’s g- actually better to explicitly say so in the in the task description.
So so please, add that comment here to the description to the short description
and especially to the long description of of the task.
This is the kind of reflected in the in the deliverables here
because in the deliverables I say,
that we will release the training data twice for all the various activities or the or the technologies.
The 1st develop- the 1st release will be very early at month 6 already,
so that we can use the data for training the systems for the SAO Congress.
And the 2nd release will be towards the end of the project, well, at the end of year 2.
So that the year 3, models can be recreated on on the much and large data sets.
So this is data and for test sets actually planned to have 3 different test sets.
And 1 on end of month 10,
then month 20 and month 30 to give us enough time to to use these test sets the for the evaluation.
And a kind of assume that these test sets would would like be be obtained for free by taking part of of the data collected in these tasks.
But we should say, so explicitly mainly for ourselves.
So that we never release something in the training data, that we want to use in the test set afterwards.
Yeah <laugh>.
So that’s that’s a good a good comment.
And then the corpus of the minutes is a task,
which is directly a deliverable directly related to the task 1.3.
So that’s that’s the training data for the summarization
and wherever possible, we will release the data in a public form,
but there probably be a 2nd level of of deployment.
That that will be within the consortium and as you know from the other part of of the proposal,
there is also some data, which will be deleted after the project.
Well, there’s there’s other part of the data that that that that will be published,
but only with some delay.
So this is something which is already outside of the time spent of the project.
So there is no associated deliverable with that.
And at the end of the project we will simply know, which data are fine to be released now
and which data need to wait.
Uh, yeah.
Okay.
So any comments on this?
If not then let’s us move quickly, the time is really running up.
Actually, we have 2 hours on this go-to-meeting.
But I 'm not sure, whether all of you have 2 hours uh, yourself.
So uh, that’s why we should we should rush.
Let’s move on to work-package 2
and I’d like to ask Jan to briefly present the the plans here.
I know it’s not yet written, but what what will be written, when it is written.
<laugh>.
(A) Yeah.
I I can try it I mean.
It’s not my main thing things as ASR mainly it’s stunned by Sebastian to keep there.
I try to do it.
So I mean, we we have this three tasks for the ASR,
where we think is like the main thing, we we have to improve to to get ready to to thing,
that we can use it in the conferences.
And the one thing is the robustness acoustic modeling, so improving the (??) robustness.
For example, also for accents and things like that.
And we have task 2.2 (??) s- semi-supervised the language model adaptation
and then finally 2.3 the lifelong learning during deployment,
especially if we have something like key words or in the Alfaview where used over time.
The system should improve over time and get some feedback
and and the system should get use to the speakers and get better.
And that’s many done in 2.3.
So it’s 3 different things we want to improve in the ASR in order to get ready performance,
which can be used in all the use cases we address.
(B) Yeah, so one thing that -
Thanks for this brief summary.
The the one thing that is missing already on this page is the deliverables.
So do you have any plans, what would be the structure of deliverables?
Like would it be the yearly reports or?
(A) Yes, I guess something like that.
I have to talk in detail, but I mean, either we do it by task.
So not a report about everything, but like by task all we do in summary and then.
I do not know if we need yearly or or like twice like after half project.
(B) Yeah.
(A) And the at the end of the project something like that.
(B) Yeah, yeah, yeah, so in in (??) deliverables it is probably (??) to try to spread them a- across months.
So that we do not have uh, like high, uh, uh, high peaks of too many deliverables
that have to be delivered at the same month.
And one thing, which is is very much -
<Parallel_talk> It’s now refreshing <parallel_talk>
Which is very much related to this, is the timing on the tasks.
And when when this appears eventually,
all actually all provided download as a PDF so then we can browse it safer.
So here is the is the timing.
<parallel_talk> How do I get to (??) this?
Crazy, GoToMeetings in -
<laugh>
No, not any better. <parallel-talk>
<laugh>
Yeah, so the the timing here, seems kind of very tentative for this work-package.
It seems that you will have a gap around the the conference,
maybe that intentional maybe not, so -
So make sure that -
<laugh>
Yeah?
(A) You (??) initial yeah.
I mean -
(B) Yeah.
(A) I think most of the thing will be over longer time,
maybe lifelong learning was started a little bit later and then be.
But it’s mainly more -
It will be more similar to work-package 3, where mainly everything is done over -
(B) Yeah.
(D) The whole time.
(B) Yeah.
Okay.
So thank you.
So now let’s move to work-package 3, which is spoken language translation.
And that’s like in the middle realized in both ASR and and machine translation.
So a Ricco, or or Barry, can you this present?
(C) Yeah.
There we have 3 tasks.
Task 3.1 would the to transfer conversation (??) together the ASR output
and then machine translation system it’s a quite (??).
(B) I Yeah, I 'm not doing anything.
It’s -
Sorry.
<laugh>
(C) And 3.2 is trying to make the machine translation systems more robust towards oise to the input.
I think about things like -
Look at the architecture language representation, maybe latest input.
And but out of those other things make the those in quality.
When the when there is noise like speech (??) to see ASR and the last impact.
And the 3rd task 3.3 will be end-to-end speech speech text translation.
The most research of the 3 and tasks.
It would by us having a separate ASR and MT systems.
(B) Yeah.
And the deliverables?
Thank you.
(C) We have 3 prototypes, a rough 1 per year and the last 1 a bit earlier
and we are a bit (??) what this will contain.
I assume the 1st prototype will mainly have transferred (normalization).
A- and later, we will try to add um, also end end speech and text translation systems.
And to reports on in the middle, on at the end of the project.
(B) Yeah, so this is something that needs to be aligned with the integration in in some way.
So we should be aware of of the linguist- the integration work-package somehow.
So so check with Dario and maybe align the prototypes with -
Or –
Yeah, I I don’t know how to structure that (??).
The integration so far is is like continues, it doesn’t say that too many specific milestones
and you have definitely more milestones and uh, or deliverables that than they have.
So just make sure that these 2 things are are in line.	
(C) Okay.
(A) One question.
Did I mean, just what I mean, can we just write prototype?
Or do we have to specify who is submitting it?
Or if it’s like, which language pair and all these things?
So is it -
I do not know.
Or is it enough to just write prototype?
(B) Well.
<other_speech unrecognizable>
(A) Maybe I didn’t see it, sorry.
(B) Yeah.
So the the languages are a kind of promised here at the very beginning,
was in the object is already.
(A) If we say a prototype.
Do we have to build a prototype for all language pairs?
So can it be?
Because maybe that’s a lot.
I don’t know or can we or to say only some languages or I don’t know.
(B) I would make -
<other_speech unrecognizable>
<laugh>
(C) I would assume as long we don’t make a promise there,
we can define ourselves, well, the extended one prototypes to be -
(B) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
So exactly I would -
So the 1st prototype could be prototype because it’s the full technology,
but it’s like the most languages.
The 2nd prototype could be all languages, but liking the technologies or som
I think we we should leave ourselves to the flexibility.
In general, this is uh, uh, yeah, yeah.
In general, this there is like types of languages.
There is the primary focus.
There is the covered languages, which we promised to deliver.
So that SAO knows that they they can use it.
And -
But we are not promising that the technology advances is used for these languages.
So like we can use standard models and and the quality will obviously suffer,
but we are flexible in terms of how much -
We we actually meant it.
Something which we do not even promised that will do all.
We can try, but uh, it will be mainly probes of of languages.
Ricco s- suggested to include languages that have some business reason.
And that’s a question for Alfaview where the –
Whether dissemination is possible.
Like what what what would you expect, what languages would be would be needed?
The ones that I listed so far was Arabic
because it’s one of the United Nations language and it has some data available.
I’ve also listed Kazakh because it -
Yep?
Alfaview, please, go on.
(F) Yes, no, I I mean, France, are you listening?
And you around?
And yeah, the stage or already say something to that point?
(??) not.
(B) Yeah, so if if France is not here -
(G) I was I was interrupted here locally.
I, so ca- can you say the question again?
(B) What languages would be of interest for Alfaview for for a business reasons.
So we are like if you see the screen now.
This is very early.
This is already the objective, the the very first part of the proposal.
And here, I say that in the experimental set of languages we have actually all possible languages.
Well, Chinese is not there actually.
So I would like to refine examples,
what languages we are likely to focus on from this experimental set,
or even beyond that experimental set.
So this is the something that Alfaview could could provide us as input.
(G) Yeah.
So currently we are -
We have the English language and the German language,
but we can easily at adapt to to other languages.
So we have a word-file and we can integrate where -
At the user interface can be easily updated with other languages,
when it comes to implementing the the text to speech and the the other features.
We are open.
I mean -
(B) Yeah.
So the question is if you could ask for any, what languages would you asked for?
And not for technical reason but for business reasons.
So maybe that’s (??) question -
(G) I I would go for I would go for languages in the order of how they are commonly used.
So this would English at 1st.
And then I guess Spanish and so (??).
I 'm not quite sure so -
(F) Yeah.
(B) Yeah.
(G) But Chinese would be great but I think, you already mentioned that it’s not included at the moment.
(B) Yeah, so if if you have like if you would have some concrete plans to go for Spanish
so- sorry for for Chinese, then we can put that in here
and that will kind of excuse us in case if we indeed do it.
If we do not mention Chinese here,
it will be very hard to to to defend it afterwards.
(F) Yeah, um, when we we are already um, happy with all languages that you are well, provided,
that you (which) you’re mentioned before.
So as for business reasons we do not have to include anothet languages at this stage.
(B) Yeah, okay, yeah.
So Ricco probably just remove written comment
because we we don’t have any things that (??).
So maybe or maybe well, German is already primary focus so yeah.
(C) But still I I I I I fe- feel that the reviewer s- see will see (??) Kazakh
because at (WSLT) relation.
That’s not the -
(B) Yeah, okay, okay.
<other_speech unrecognizable>
So you should –
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
<laugh>
Yeah.
So the idea is that that we should remove Kazakh <laugh> from this list.
(C) Yeah, may we remove Kazakh from this list, yeah.
Maybe we can still to do it, but just for -
(B) Yeah.
(C) <other_speech unrecognizable>
(B) Yeah, yeah.
(C) Yeah.
(B) It’s still one -
Exactly, it’s one of the EUROSAI languages and Kazakhstan is one of the countries,
who are, if I 'm not mistaken, like trying to the the the have discussions with the YouTube to potentially join.
I'm not really sure about that, but I think so.
So it may not be a- as as strange as as as it seems,
but it depends on the on the reviewer obviously,
how how knowledgeable they are about the the E- EU very long-term policies or plans.
Okay.
So let us move on to the work-package on multilingual machine translation.
Here, I put a task, which is the the 1st task obviously.
Well, the the goal of this work-package
is is to support the the project with the machine translation service
and do the research in machine translation.
So the 1st task, task 4.1 is the baseline supporting thing
and there are put ourselves UEDIN and Karlsrhue to train domain dependent separate systems.
And this task is actually planed very early in the -
<parallel_talk> Do I have it somewhere? <parallel_talk>
That’s strange, I thought I have I had the PDF somewhere,
but it for some reason, no.
Yep.
Well, I am already looking at the PDF.
<laugh>
So let’s let’s open this part as well,
this task is planned to very early in the project.
So that is this baseline system can be used to to test the integration and -
<parallel_talk> Where are they?
Yeah, that’s is the set of tasks. <parallel_talk>
It’s -
So the baseline model should be worked on f- during the 1st half of the half of the 1st year
and and n- not any further.
So that’s the that’s the idea.
So we should quickly do the baseline.
And I 'm here quite specific about the languages.
And I would like to check what Karlsruhe and UEDIN,
whether they can propose any better wording.
So that we are not that specific,
but yet we are specific enough for the reviewer to to like that task description.
So let’s not discuss this uh, uh, now, simply add comments
or if you if you can say it quickly say so now
but w- w- I think we are just trying to find wording.
(A) Yes, several language also,
I do not know if we need to build all all them as as single systems.
So just can for several of the pairs can directly go to multi-target or something.
Because it’s just a huge computation and we don’t really gain anything.
We can just select a representative subset of the language pairs build their translation systems
and then for the rest only go for the multilingual systems.
(B) Yeah.
S- so the the reason -
Y- yes.
So if there is -
So maybe maybe the wording should be changed
that if the the multi-target is available in some way.
And you say it is.
We will we will consider it.
But this is like the baseline and the baseline search 2 purposes.
1 of the person purposes is do to deliver the MT to PerVoice into the integration.
So that it’s actually available for the conference, for the dry-run event and for the for the conference.
And the other purpose is to have baselines for the for the research afterwards.
So how how much do we lose of the performance if we put more languages together
and and other things.
Or if we actually improve the early performance in terms of translation quality,
when we put put the the languages together.
So I think we have to cover all targets language all the EUROSAI once at some minimum level.
I 'm totally open to like having some of them covered by multilingual systems already.
So feel free to to modify this wording of the tasks
because you are you are involved i- in the task anyway.
And uh, uh, yeah.
Yeah, so thanks for thanks for suggestion and and let reword this.
And if you if we can find if a a wording,
that is not as specific as I’ve now, but still specific enough,
then even better.
Okay.
The next task is called document level translation.
And there is entering high quality of machine transition beyond level of individual sentences.
Here, the focus is it’s it’s not clear, whether it is for speech or for text.
And I I think I should probably explicitly say that it is for both.
They are different like discourse phenomena happening in speech
and different discourse or longer text phenomena happening in text.
So we should focus on both.
In terms of timing this task is the one that runs through all the 3 years.
And then the other tasks are on multi-tar- or on on the multi-languages, multiple languages.
First, we focus on the multi-target.
And the reason is that we have the conference coming in the middle of a 2nd in the middle of 2nd year.
And for the conference we need to translate from 6 or how many languages
into all the the 44 if or the 43, if if possible.
So this task multi-target runs in the 1rst year
and then is kind of used in the middle of the 2nd year,
but the research has been concluded by the end of the 1st year.
The 2nd year of the research is focused on the multi-source
and here, the primary goal is to gain in translation quality,
when we are training on more source languages.
And then, the final task, which is planned for the 3rd year
is called flexible multilingual machine translation.
So I’ve slightly change this from the original division into task that we had into the Google doc.
Um, the flexible multilingual machine translation is designing in in system architecture.
That is capable of translating from 1 or more languages at the same time,
and into 1 or more languages on the target site.
And the the input should be flexible.
If you have only 1 input language, then feed in 1,
If you have 2, if you already have 2 versions of the document feed 2
and the system should should gracefully handle that
and benefit from the additional source.
So the difference between this multi-source and this flexible multilingual
is that in the multi-source you always expect multiple input,
if you have multiple inputs.
Or that you focus only on 1 language 1 source language
and but train on others and try to benefit from the multi-task.
So the the multi-source machine translation is either 1 input or multiple input,
whereas the flexible multilingual is any subset of the languages at once.
So far, I do not have any deliverables planed here
and nothing else simply (??) the the reporting.
So it’s b- based on the on the timing by year.
I think that having yearly reports is probably the most appropriate thing
and I don’t think there will be any -
Well, yes, there should the deliverable on the baseline MT models.
So there should be 1 deliverable on the baseline MT models
and there should be the yearly reports.
And that’s probably it.
Okay.
So then the then the task on minuting.
And this is something, that -
Yeah.
I’ve done partly with uh, for -
That the main contribution comes from my colleague Anna Nedoluzhko.
So I’ll try to briefly summarize this,
but I 'm not sure I’ll uh, uh, do it totally correctly uh, so -
(??) Hi Ondrej (??) please?
(B) Yeah, Okay so.
Let’s let me interrupt the this presentation and let -
(F) Ondrej?
(B) Yep?
You are also going to leave?
(F) I’m going to leave as well, yes
and so I I just wanted to add that we will um, add (further) information the work-package 7
and my college told me that you want to me, but PerVoice tomorrow -
(B) Yes.
(F) We will we not office tomorrow, but maybe you can arrange something that -
(B) Remote.
(F) As (??) and we will go through it,
could you tell us when you will need the answer by the latest?
(B) Y- w- y- yeah, so well, I will I will merge it during the weekend,
but I don’t know whether -
So I think it will not be like a set of question and set of answers.
So try to provide the input to Dario early in the day or even today
and then he will probably ask any you should have look and and try to answer.
I’ll send an email to to find out,
if if there is any time point where we could like meet remotely remotely.
Yeah.
Okay.
So let me let me then quickly quickly present at least this.
So the gaps in the introductory sections.
So I’ve seen that most of the people h- have already partner descriptions.
It would be good, if could list 2 persons per partner in this in this setting
and then for the -
So that’s like the actually the detail section of the proposal
and there is the introductory sections.
Everybody please read and comment the objectives, the relation to the work programmend also the early part of the concept.
The methodology needs a lot of polishing.
Sorry.
And I would suggest to do this like by 2 to partners in for for each of the paragraphs in there.
So the remote conferencing is something that comes originally from Alfaview.
I have edited it.
So maybe Karlsruhe could review, whether this makes sense.
The ASR the state (??) we are on ASR is missing.
So I would like to ask Karlsruhe to to write it and review it by UEDIN,
or the other way around if if UEDIN is is still available and Karlsruhe is is busy.
The machine translation is still incomplete, so I’ll finish that.
It’s it’s that a bit.
Sorry, but it’s not finished.
And I would probably ask would like to ask UEDIN to to like we review that
and the spoken language translation is written by UEDIN I believe and so I’ll review that.
The summarization is probably quite finished.
I haven’t talked to Anna, but there is a lot of text.
So maybe if UEDIN or Karlsruhe.
Who who could voluntary to review that?
(A) Till when do you need it?
(B) Well, over the weekend?
(A) Yeah, I think can have look at this.
I don’t know if I can do it over the weekend.
On Monday but I’ll try to do it.
(B) Yeah.
Okay.
So I should I should -
I do not know if Ricco is still here, but I’ll write Karlsruhe.
Remember Jan that you you need to write your sections as well?
Then there is a section on minuting tools
and I think that it would be great if Alfaview could review this.
Because they would see what what is out there
and where is the room for their potential product.
So that’s maybe for France?
I don’ut know if France is -
(G) Yeah, I’m listening (??).
I can do that.
(B) Yeah.
Yeah.
So I remove the question marks and -
Well, Ricco was silent
and that means, that he was fine with that.
<laugh>
So remove the question mark.
And then there is section on handling humans.
So I I would like everyone, especially Alfaview,
uh, uh but everyone to to see whether this makes sense, yeah.
And then, the concept is still rather weak.
So if Alfaview while populating they their dissemination work-package
can provide further a- activities.
The ambition is missing.
So I’ll s- I’ll try to to cr- to write one
and early next week it should be ready for for review by someone, so.
And the expected impact has many impacts that I proposed.
So I would like everyone to to review them to like think about them,
whether they make sense or not.
And possibly to to suggest more and I will finish this section as well.
And the impact maximization, thanks to Alfaview for their paragraph.
So I’ll I’ll maybe restructure it a little bit
but I would like to ask Alfaview to derive specific tasks from this.
So the work-package on on the disemination is very unpopulated yet.
So I 'm suggesting that you could derive tasks such as managing social media,
so pro- promoting the project in the research results
and that should run for some months
and there should be some description of this
and you mentioned local press releases.
So again, if you could provide any details
and you mentioned the CeBIT or CeBIT,
then my question is, whether we can actually promise to to be there?
Is it just a question of money?
Or is there some competition that you have to win in order to be able to present there?
And if it is just a question of money, should the budget be allocated for that?
So this is all for Alfaview
because I would like to Alfaview to populate the the disemination work-package.
The the website is is something very easy to to do and to a yes,
they will have the website.
But there is other tasks that that you have listed, suggested,
but they need to be also in the tasks.
So Alfaview, can you can you confirm that? -
(F) Also we we will fill this,
but the months we will get the more details.
And I think we can definitely go to the CeBIT.
Um, I do not know.
I I’ve sent you an email about the marketing bu- budgets.
Maybe you can -
(B) Yeah, yeah.
Yes, sorry, that’s -
I I I remember that you you have been reminded me of that, yeah.
So I think the the short answer is that everything,
which makes sense is like good value for money for the EU, is okay.
So h- ha- haven’t I sent you that that in one of the project
10 000 Euros in the end were spent on some like promotion video.
This is something very uncommon.
But if it makes sense, it is probably okay to put such a thing there as well.
I thought that I’ve written at e-mail.
Maybe it it ended up in my drafts only and not -
Yeah.
So think for yourself and think for yourself as a you tax payer what make sense.
<laugh>
And then, propose propose any specific activities and propose them,
not only in the pros, but also as as tasks.
And if you have any technical issues, then then send me list that.
I would like to have this task running for these months
and I’ll fix that.
But the structure the structured information is important.
(F) Okay, alright.
(B) Yeah, okay.
So that was that was the list of kind of to do list and then, yeah.
We we have been discussing deliverables.
And we h- I have already started discussing this,
the recordings and the hours hours (??) of of re-speakers.
So yeah, we are now -
We have quickly jumped through the rest of agenda.
So please, use this list and do what is necessary.
And those of you who have to departure,
you probably may depart now,
otherwise, if you still can stay on please, stay on
because we will get to the integration and the dissemination as it is now.
So, who is leaving?
Who is staying?
<laugh>
(D) We are leaving, bye Ondrej.
(A) Thank you, thanks.
(B) Okay.
Karlsruhe is also done.
And can someone from Alfaview stay?
Because I know I know that Brigite was leaving.
(H) (??) has left, I can stay, but I’m I’m not able to say any technical details.
(B) Yeah.
That’s that’s not a problem.
<laugh>
And, and France?
(G) Yeah, I 'm still here.
(B) Okay, yeah.
So let’s.
Let’s let’s make use of this
because now it’s only me and and Alfaview.
Let’s make use of this time to discuss the dissemination work-package.
So -
Or well, actually, that that it’s p- perfect timing.
So here, the minuting.
So I 'm not going to talk about how do we want to do the minuting under the (hood),
which is the disco-segmentation segment (??) summarization document level summarization
and sequence to structure.
Maybe the sequence the structure.
So the to give you a big overview of of what we want to do
is that we will have a transcript coming from the ASR
and this transcript will be 1st like split into individual items
and then these items will be shortened
and then some of these items will be removed
because they are not important for the summary of that of that discussion.
And then these shortened and reduced in in number i- items will be have put into the structure,
that was created that that comes from the agenda already.
So this is this is an overview of what the tasks are supposed to do.
And there is one task, which I planned to be a direct collaboration between you and us.
And I called it the live minutes platform.
And this is something that that I need to check with you,
whether you would like to work on this
and whether you indeed do want to have many person-months on this.
I’ve I’ve put there quite a few, 24.
So what -
24 is the total, but you do not have involvement at ano-  in another tasks.
So that’s like for for the live platform.
And my idea as as potential user of this would be,
that while we are talking, I’ll be uh, uh, uh, I’ll have al- also like one more tap,
which will be the live document
 and this live document would have the transcript appearing at the bottom
and then at the top, there will be the agenda and the agenda would would get populated automatically as we speak and as as the system decides that something is important
and something belongs here and there.
So the question is -
This live document, it’s like redoing Google docs or doing a plug-in for Google docs.
How much of the programming for this would you like to do?
What should be the promised result for the EU?
And how much of of of this online part,
like how much live should it be from the technical point of view?
We could run it in the baseline mode, where we get the transcript offline
and we offline create the summary and populate the agenda
and and this document, one short (??) shipped to the participants by email
and that’s that’s the perfect solution as well.
But if you are interested in getting EU money for developing this online interface 
and the live capacity, 
then this is the the place to put it.
So what is your take on this?
(G) So 1st of all the the output of the of the life minutes um, comes from your side, right?
So -
(B) So what what what is the output?
The output is the the summary, right?
(G) The the the raw the raw data that, should be displayed for example in in a in a Google doc.
(B) Yes.
Yes, the are data is something which will come from a research prototype that we will develop.
And I have no -
(G) So why? -
(B) No idea how -
(G) Yeah
(B) Yeah.
How this will be good for practice.
<laugh>
(G) So um, why do not you access the the Google API and and put it put it into a into a Google doc?
(B) Why is that? -
(G) Put it -
Yeah?
(B) That’s like a that’s the baseline solution
and that’s what we would do, if you said: „We do not want to do much with this ourselves.”
But if if you saw it as as like a nice extension to the Alfaview platform,
so the the document is part of the environment of Alfaview,
then it makes sense for you to develop that and we -
(G) Okay.
(B)And we will we interfacing you.
So that’s we can -
(G) <other_speech unrecognizable>
But that that would require us to to have -
You know, a a coll- a kind of a collaboration tools inside the Alfaview client.
(B) Yes, yes.
(G) So that would be preliminary work,
We would have to do and it is quite it is quite a a big thing.
So um, I’m I’m having this something similar t- like like a Google doc.
Um -
(B) Uhm.
(G) Um, um, it is -
I think it’s not doable within the scope of this project.
So we would have to look for something
that we can adapt to maybe a a an existing open source project,
which allows for co- co-editing,
which can also be integrated into the the Alfaview client
and we have not done any research on that yet.
So this could be this could be a potential outlet for for the meeting minutes data, that is true
and I would also li- like to see that
and not have to go to to to a Google Doc for that.
(B) Yeah, yeah.
So do you think the 2 years would be too little?
Or or even if we say that if it needs the preliminary work,
it would be the for 3 years?
So that you would allocate it.
I know that there is shortage of program as across Europe I believe.
So it’s it’s might be difficult to find the people,
but here you can ask for the money to to get it done.
(F) Yeah.
I mean, the the the it’s -
I think it’s not a matter of of of time.
It’s It’s just how many -
Yeah, workforce you put behind this.
I mean, 3 years sounds sounds long,
but um, if you reduce it to the to the (man) hours here.
Um, s- some co-editing tool is -
Yeah.
It’s quite a task.
So I think we will have to do some more research on that.
How it’s finally gonna be like.
I mean, if we if we add a co-editing feature,
that is not with then the scope of this project.
(B) Uhm.
(G) Um, then I could yeah, I could I could think of using it for for this project.
Um, if we come up with the with the co-editing solution, especially for this project,
I think it will be something quite a basic.
Okay?
(B) Yeah.
Yeah, that’s alright.
I think that’s totally okay for -
To to, have it to like the the co-editing the the core a word processor
that is edited by more people at once, could be any any basic thing.
So the task, if it is if it if there is any task as such at all,
can say that 1st during the 1st year,
we will investigate what are the online solutions
because we are aware of the fact how much afford it takes to develop Google docs.
Or if we want to interface one of the existing ones
or if if Alfaview decides to develop on their own, 
there one if if that would be the good one,
so the like design of the interfacing with that
and then in the 2nd year, implementing the interfacing to whatever we decide to use.
And if if we in the 1st year,
if we find that there is no such solution that we should st- we can start from.
We will – 
We can even uh, do like a change in the in the plan
and we will say: „We failed to find solid base implementation
and we will only deliver the the offline thing 
because it is not feasible within the scope of the project.
So I think, we can we can easily extend this task, 
this task as you see it now on the on the screen.
It’s like uh, 2 lines uh, uh, uh, and it’s it’s very unfinished.
So it’s -
We can we can add few more ideas here and we can change it.
(??) find solutions for the editor, probe design interfacing with the editor
and implement this integration and evaluate it through all the 3 years.
And there is also an associated longer part of this.
As you know, before this tables.
And the longer part is not written yet at all.
And this longer part of that can be even (??) of text saying: 
„All the complications that we see at the moment
and all the challenges that need to be resolved.”
And maybe we could do like a a research,
that takes 10 minutes of of searching of on (??).
And if we do not find anything that, 
then we will say we are not aware of any solutions.
I think open office had had some opened –
I’m not sure.
Yeah?
So –
(G) Yeah, I am afraid, it’s not going to be as easy as that
because we have to lo- to make a lo- take a look at um,
you know, the interface.
It’s gonna –
(B) Yes.
(G) It’s gonna be a C++ application.
We cannot use make make use of webpage tools at at this point and –
Yeah, I think, 10 minutes research will not be enough.
(B) It will –
Well, 10 minutes will be enough to to add the links to the potential tools to the proposal.
And then, the task should review them.
And this review is a planned activity, that should run for the 2 or 3 months even.
Part of this task.
(G) Okay <laugh>.
(B) So does that make sense?
Like it -
(G) That’s point –
I wouldn’t all agree 
because I would not I would not have find potential solutions 
and 10 minutes and then evaluate them in a in a longer period.
I would put more effort in <other_speech unrecognizable> potential solutions.
(B) Yeah, so this is like examples.
So –
(G) Yeah.
(B) So yes, it’s not the –
(G) Okay, okay, I see.
(B) So so we are saying: 
„We plan, we want to have this g- live document that gets automatically populated.”
And at the moment, we don’t know, how to do the do the live document at all,
we know that there is these 3 solutions,
but at the moment, we have not really checked the details
and some of them may become –
(G) <other_speech unrecognizable>
(B) Yeah, yeah.
(G) Uhm, okay.
(B) So if you could if you could write this text,
either in the Overleaf or in a separate Google Doc or or a- anywhere,
that that would be great.
Because I need the input from Alfaview.
I need to know, what is your thinking about this.
Y- y- you mentioned, that you are potentially planning to have –
(G) Yeah.
(B) This live document the shared space.
So that should be there as well.
And it’s totally okay to say, that Alfaview is still considering the j- is still only considering that feature
because it is risky.
It is a lot of effort and another competitors have that partly,
but they don’t have the obviously the the conferencing thing.
So it’s it’s still a business decision to make.
(G) Yeah.
(B) But for the project we –
If Alfaview doesn’t decide to do it on their own,
then we will find a substitute solution.
And even as a fall back, we will do it like (with) some baseline solution.
(G) Yeah.
(B) But I think it’s it’s it makes sense to have this task
because it it will show the the overall results of this to the user
and that’s that’s something, which which is very good for the proposal.
(G) Yeah.
Yeah, I agree, it it –
The the output of this live minutes, I mean, it’s basic -
It’s it’s the the essence of this whole project, right?
And it has to –
(B) Yeah.
(G) Has to live on a kind of stage and not just be put somewhere and –
Yeah.
(B) Yeah, in in the deliverables in the in the reports that we –
(G) Yeah.
(B) Yeah.
So here, the the the report that I planned here are exactly 2 research reports.
Oh, sorry.
That’s it’s crazy it’s scrolling for like - <laugh> 
I 'm not doing anything, but it’s the the button is stuck.
So uh, I had this initial report of summarization at month 18,
in the middle of the project.
And final report on the summarization on the on the back-end technologies
and all the problems they have.
Uh, uh, and also have, uh, the uh, the the proposed deliverable to the for the software.
So we can rename it in any way.
So we can call it like a demonstrator, which is the standard work used.
And the demonstrator in the longer description of the tas – 
Like, this would be the result of task 5.5
and the the long description would say,
that at the moment, we cannot really say what the demonstrator will be based on
because that will be the research of of the 1st the months of the project.
And there is an associated milestone, which will be like a at the end of year 1,
decide what is the platform for for this demonstrator, 
and then in your tool, the integration with that will be will be implemented
and and year an- year 2 the 3 the implementation uh, the integration will be implemented and and tested.
So does that sound reasonable?
(G) Yep, Yep.
(B) So if you –
Yeah.
If you can please create this task description.
I’ll make sure that we cover the other task
and I’ll make sure that I integrate the text from you,
But the the more you write the the better.
Yeah.
And I’ll I’ll –
Yeah.
I’ll I’ll polish that in in anyway.
Yeah.
(H) Ondrej?
(B) Yeah?
(H) Would that be possible for you to to (??) task description?
(G) Yeah.
We could work together or we should work together on t- this thing.
I would do the basic research, but maybe you can add, bring it in in form.
(H) And uh, regarding um, generally our edition to the Overleaf Ondrej.
(B) Yep.
(H) Um we will be out of office until Monday, so –
(B) Uhm.
(H) We will have a chance to add a content on Monday.
Would that be okay for you?
As well, I mean, it’s for us too difficult.
I don’t think that we will have a chance to add it today any details,
overview, any documents and and tomorrow we are not here.
So um -
(B) Yeah.
(H) We will -
(B) So is fo –
(H) <other_speech unrecognizable>
But on Monday if you like, that would be uh, uh –
If you think that would be good idea, but just so that you know,
But we will we can all work -
(B) Yeah.
(H) Um.
(B) Yeah, it’s all it’s all online.
So if you if you talk with France directly and if you create force,
like if it makes things easier for you,
if you create a separate Google doc with this task description
and you edit it online with France, then I can at least see it during the weekend
and I can write text other parts of the text based on what what I see in the in the proposal,
which can help me.
If if you really can’t work, if you are off-line and you do not plan to work on on this,
then yes, just give it to me on Monday.
Like what what else?
<laugh>
(H) No, we we can (??) a thing on Monday,
but we will not be able to work on that u- until Monday.
Just that’s you know.
(B) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, yeah.
So the the sooner I get it from you the better.
A d the form is not that important.
If you do it in the Overleaf that’s great because it saves my time.
If you do it outside of Overleaf, I I I can put it into Overleaf myself.
I’ll have to read and like process it anyway.
So it’s it’s just the the editing work that that like I have to do again.
If you do it in Overleaf, I I don’t have to do it myself.
So do whatever is easiest for you to to provide the content
and the sooner you to give it to me the the better.
I’m aware of the fact that you are going to be offline and not available for the next 3 days.
Okay.
So let’s quickly move on to the -
So the work-package 6 is the integration and we’ve discussed this.
So the integration has the separate Google doc.
That’s this one.
So this is something, that hopefully we will get some input from Dario
or or you can provide some suggestions and question to this Google doc,
for Dario to uh, to look at tomorrow.
So this is –
There is  2 uh, parts.
Uh, one part is the integration with the unified platform.
So that is delivering the translations like the getting the speech from from Alfaview
and t- translating it interpreting it at PerVoice through our systems in the end
and then s- shipping the subtitles to Alfaview.
So that’s probably the unified communication platform.
And there has to be some description.
Like when and what will be done for this to to happen
and to be to be ready for, for SAO to to use.
This is for the online meetings not for the life meetings.
And then the integration of the minuting uh, ´
which is something, that I 'm totally not sure about
because right now, we have discussed like a direct integration of the minuting backend
to the to some of the Google doc thing.
And uh, uh maybe –
I 'm not sure, h- h- how much PerVoice should be involved in this or not.
So they now –
Like it falls into the the integration work-package 
because it’s some integration work.
But it it’s not clear to me why would we need PerVoice?
So uh, uh, so maybe r- r- if if you could like –
When thinking about this integration task from the global point of view,
when if you could write here for Dario like, 
where do you see PerVoice role here
or if you don’t see any, then asked him, where where does he see it.
So it it it is formally, it can also be that the task that we have discussed 2nd ago here,
when we are discussing task 5.5 that the task will be there as as we’ve discussed it, 
but not as 5.5 but rather as 6.3 and it might exclude PerVoice.
So it could be within the integration work-package with Alfaview and ourselves working there 
and have put into the work-package overseen by PerVoice
because it is integration activity, but we will actually just report to PerVoice:
„Yes, we’re working on this.”
And and PerVoice will be not involved in that task at all.
So that’s that’s also so uh, possible set up.
So yeah, we need to discuss.
This is something that we need to discuss with PerVoice to see how much they want to be in that.
I think that uh, is the they are in involved.
Yeah, they are involved in the transcript generation
because we assume that we get transcripts.
(G) Exactly.
(B) Yeah.
(G) I think they are needed here.
(B) Yeah, yeah.
So maybe that task 5.5 as we have discussed,
It should not be 5.5, but 6.3.
And it should include PerVoice because you will ship the speech to them
and then we will get the speech from them
and we will interface to something that you will find and to modify,
so that it accepts the the minutes.
(H) Mm-hmm.
Yep.
(B) Yep.
Okay.
So so we have resolved this.
So this is a yeah.
T- this is a –
<laugh> 
I’ll write it down immediately.
So <parallel_talk> This will stamp from task 5.5, that Alfaview and CUNI discussed 
and task 5.5 will be deleted. Parallel_talk>
Okay.
So let’s move on.
Then the running the SAO events.
You are not really involved in this and uh, you -
Ye- yeah.
This is the so the integration work-package is the integration of all the technologies.
And Alfaview is a here mainly to make sure, 
that you are working on the interface to connect to to PerVoice.
(G) Uhm. 
(B) Uh, so the integration of this ASR and and SLT will be done once between PerVoice and Alfaview.
And then it will be used for the online meetings and two for the life meetings like separately.
And you will not be involved in the in the life meetings happening.
And then y- you are involved in the in the running of the event.
No, you sorry, you are not involved in the running of the events at all.
Uh, uh, but you are involved in the dissemination part around that. 
So the dissemination work-package is is the 1,
that I would like you to populated with as many tasks as as you can find out.
I’d like not many number, but the but clearly specified activities for for those tasks.
And the only one that I have so far, is that we could run a workshop on NLP technologies 
at the EUROSAI Congress.
So that we will have all the representatives of of those countries
and we this is nice place to promote promote the technologies there.
So we will be saying: „Here, at the planary session you see the interpreting 
and this is done by these universities and and the systems.”
And and by the way, we have this discussing platform, 
which is better than GoToMeeting because it does the recording and we are starting,
it will be in the middle of 2nd year, so and we are starting on the automatic minuting.
„So aside from recordings of the session and its transcript, which is already available,
you will also get an automatic a summary.”
And and then we can collect user feedback.
So what would they like the have
and this is all the as if if if we promise to this, 
I I hope that SAO will like SAO h- supposedly have seen this.
Uh, so then we will have access to the 50 EUROSAI the the Supreme Audit Institute across Europe. 
And this is people, who have their meetings every now and then with various partners.
So this is a great great venue to talk to.
So hopefully, we will have this chance and it’s good to to the plan it.
So this is something, where Alfaview should be active, in the dissemination of of the other work, 
not in not in the running the the the actual technologies for the for the workshop
and for the conference.
So is that clear?
So for for this -
This is like a little conference only for ourselves, among totally like nontechnical people.
The the C- CeBIT activity is the different one.
It’s among the technical people,
who already like, are partly interested in these technologies
and they are like looking where to where to use this.
This is for the potential users who are not aware of the fact,
that they could even use GoToMeeting like SAO it’s it’s it’s a pretty advance probably,
that they use GoToMeeting <laugh>.
(G) Um, Kitty, can you can you answer that question?
Or?
(I) Yeah, uh, yeah, we are working on this work-package.
(B) Uhm.
(I) Um, we will define a bit more about the the task like CeBIT 
and the all things you’ve mentioned
and we’ve mentioned already much about the feedback you’ve mentioned in your task.
Uh.
(B) Yeah.
So that’s –
Yeah.
That’s something, that’s it’s usually when you already have the people.
It’s it’s good to ask them something.
And you can easily do it with Google forms.
And then you gather something and you add it it as an attachment to to report.
So so I propose, the deliverable again, you can you can propose any other thing,
but I propose to have a deliverable that would say: 
„Yes, we’ve present it, we have this many attendees. 
And then we we –
In the discussion it turns out, that someone like this someone like that.
And then we asked everybody to fill this pool
and they’ve like came back home and and we first them then
and then indeed, they filled out the form.
So we know, that they run 3 meetings per month and they need these languages
and uh, the the the they yeah, they are very interested in
or they are not at all interested in the automatic minuting.”
And for the automatic minuting their agendas look very different from what what we see, so –
I think, it’s it’s good to ask them and to record what what we get.
And it’s not too much w- extra work.
Tha- it is some editing work obviously and some organization work.
But it’s uh, it’s like it’s worthwhile because we get input as -
So I’m happy to uh, to uh, like t- take part in this preparation of of that workshop 
and of of the feedback collection as well.
Uh.
So I shouldn’t –
(I) Ondrej?
(B) (??).
(I) Do you to particip- participate on that workshop or is it just preparations?
(B) So.
Uh, the for the wo –
Well, I’ll be here definitely for the for the conference because that’s –
I’ll be the checking whether the MT systems run and and and all that. 
Uh, whether I can like personally present at the workshop is something,
that we should leave of for future decision,
like depending on how many people have we have in the team
and and all that, but in principle yes.
But I’m afraid, that I’ll be also uh, uh, like –
I’ve I know, I’ve organized several similar workshops.
And when I’m organizing, it’s hard to find time to actually present.
So if if you do the the organization or SAO does the organization
and this is something, that should be li- kept flexible.
So so far, the number of person-month here is very limited.
So you you say, how many person-months do you want to have to work on the dissemination overall
and how many person-months do you want to work on on this particle workshop, 
in the preparation in the presents and and also in the reporting 
and uh, uh, based on that, well, you or ourselves or SAO will will do it.
And and the I can contribute that.
If it’s in the proposal and if you don’t do the work,
then, well, I’ll I’ll have to as as the coordinator,
I’ll have to somehow have the work done.
<laugh> 
So –
Yeah, I hope that I’m answering your your question.
So I’m happy to contribute ideas.
And but when the time our is running out and I’m I’m totally busy then.
Yeah, I might be silent as well.
But if I promised to to give a talk at the workshop, I’ll be there.
So –
<laugh>
Yeah.
(G) Okay.
(B) So it’s –
Yeah.
So one thing, that is –
 When when working on these tasks,
please, always keep in mind that the task should be put into some specific time.
So for example, for the CeBIT, if we can know the dates or the the particular part of the year,
We can plan the task for for that very occasion which is done here for the congress.
Uh, the task should be actually the longer
because it it should digest also the results from the the congress.
Or or I’ll probably extend this reaction.
If the task is something, like totally, uh, what what lasting overall we we -
I don’t know the word.
So which which runs all the time such as the the publishing, posting some tweets
or or whatever then make that task run through all the project. 
But it –
I like to h- see some structure in the timing.
So if if the task that you come up with have a sensible time placement,
please, make use of that.
If there is no sensible the time constraining,
then make them run through all the project and that’s that’s fine too.
(I) Okay.
(B) The 1 task, which is kind of missing is the website.
So the reason is that I’ve copied the the management work-package from a project.
And the uh, management had this –
<parallel_talk> Where I saw that? <parallel_talk> 
Internal website, yes.
So it has internal project website and public project website and updates.
So there is no task in the management on the website,
but there is deliverable, which does not make much sense.
So I’ll move these deliverable to the dissemination.
And I’ll um, also create or you or I will create the task for the website.
So there there should be one task in the dissemination for the for the website
and the associated deliverables is the 1 that you have just seen.
Uh, I don’t know if –
Yeah.
At least, if nothing more we should have like annual
or we we uh, uh, w- annual reports on the dissemination, 
which would these would be shorter documents, 
but they would just say like: „We have attended these conferences.”
And the the the that’s that’s only to to like justify the costs that that (??).
So remember, in the budget, there is the direct costs
and you should plan the roughly the spending for for the travels to w- w- whatever occasions.
And then, if you want to claim these,
there it’s nice to have report that mentions, 
that we were there and we presented this
because then in the in the like spending (section)
see, there is the report and and uh, the report shows –
Yeah.
It it’s just fits together.
So that’s why the reports are good, but they should be short.
We don’t want to like spent too much time writing them.
Okay.
So is that all clear?
I think I think, that I should really stop
because it’s too too many.
The more I speak, the more items is is there on your to-do list and that’s bad.
So the -
<laugh>
(G) Yeah, I think we sh- we’ve got that quite some tasks now.
(B) <laugh>
(G) Um, yeah.
(B) So the –
Please, I think France, you should probably focus only on the platform.
Like because this is something that I’m relying on you.
So you will decide, how do which which base which bases do we choose.
Or are you say: ,,We failed to to deliver anything.”
And in that case, uh, the the demonstrator will be 
well, just web page that reloads and shows the shows the minutes or ther
So there there is simplistic solutions uh, <other_speech unrecognizable>.
(G) Yeah, so f- f- first I guess, we will do the best-case scenario 
and talk about that, talk about that tools, talk about the implementation
and then maybe –
(B) To the fallback.
(G) Yeah, to the fallback solutions and yeah.
(B) Yes, yes, exactly, yeah.
Yeah, yeah and Brigite and and Carolina,
if if you could work on the tasks in the dissemination, 
that would be the most useful a bit.
Like to to structure what you have you have already proposed many of those
in in the paragraph, that you have written.
So just try structure it, 
so that we can populate this this work-package with with the structured information.
(H) Yes, alright.
(G) Yeah, okay.
(B) Okay, yeah.
So thanks a lot for for so many items on your to-do list.
(G) <laugh>
(B) But, I I I’m not showing you my to-do list.
<laugh>
(G) Yeah.
(B) Yeah.
I’ll I’ll again send a Doodle pool for call next week.
So well -
And and most importantly, I’ll send an e-mail f- to Dario 
to learn where we can synchronize on the on the integration of work-package.
(G) Alright.
(B) (??).
Okay, so thanks a lot.
Thanks for for (??) and just like with this thing (??) write it well.
(G) <laugh>
(B) <laugh>
Yeah, thank you too.
(B) Okay.
(G) And (??) you thank you.
Alright, bye, bye.
(B) See ya.
(??) Bye, bye.
(H) Bye.
(??) Bye, bye.


