(A) (??) there? 00:06 

(B) Yeah. 00:07 

(A) Can you hear me now? 00:09 

(B) Yes, (you) can. 00:10 

(A) Okey, yes, so I use <ehm> this - <ehm> this microphone is no longer usable <ehm> 00:16 

(A) This microphone is <ehm> the recognisory, <ehm>, the recognition. 00:22

(C) Yeah, this works well. 00:23 

(A) Yeah, so the recognition works (wee), but I'm unable to us the microphone for the call itself. 00:30 

(A) <Ehm>, okay. 00:32 

(A) So, <laugh>, thank you (??) for joining, I actually <ehm> assumed that you will be away 00:37 

(A) and that's - that's great that we have someone from Edinburgh - 00:39

(A) <ehm>, and <ehm>, yeah we have <ehm> we have everyone probably because Miloš is not responding 00:47 

(A) I emailed him yesterday - 00:48 oh, <other_unrecognisable speech>, okay and - 00:51 

(A) <Ehm>, Miloš is responding, okay, 00:54 so Miloš will join a little bit <ehm> later - 00:56 

(A) and he won't have <ehm> headsets <other_yawn> 01:02 

(A) So, <ehm>, <other_noise> the goal for today will be to <cough> get <ehm> everything (money) on this full workload, 01:09

(A) So Dominik and and Jonáš, who are here, <ehm>, I can show you, <ehm>, they're behind me - 01:15 

(A) <ehm> We are - <laugh> <ehm> we are trying to get everything running - <ehm> on our side <ehm>, so that we have more (interchannels). 01:24 

(A) <ehm>, and <ehm>, I think that on your side everything hould be okay, so- 01:30 

(A) <ehm>, maybe if <ehm>, sh should be <other_noise> yeah okay, 01:34 

(A) so let's first go through the topics <ehm> in the- <ehm>, in the document 01:40 

(D) (Hey) guys, good morning. 01:41 

(A) Yep, hi, morning, great- 01:43 

(A) <ehm>, so, I suggest to first go through the topics in the <ehm> (ELITR) document 01:49, (??) document, 01:51 

and <ehm> then <ehm> do any (debugging) <ehm> which is necessary <ehm> to see - <ehm>  

to see what is working and what is not working. 02:00 

(A) And we also have Miloš, <ehm>, yeah Miloš is (??) free, I guess. 02:06 

(A) So, <ehm>, the logistics, <ehm> is - 
<ehm> full Wednesday, is surely avilable. 02:13 

(A) So that's important for those who're coming here <ehm> from - <ehm> from abroad. 02:18 

(A) <ehm> We can already get to (??) <cough> for - call the whole Wednesday, 02:21 

(A) <ehm> and Tuesday afternoon is also very <ehm> likely. 02:25 

(A) So please talk to (Tea) and <ehm> let her know when you are here. 02:30 

(A) The real (video mixer) is ordered an will be there, so this is something that we <ehm> can <ehm> experiment with and hopefully we can get it running. 02:39 

(A) <ehm> the fingerprints - 02:41 

(A) Thanks <ehm> for everybody who <ehm> contributed and checked this fingerprints map. 02:46 

(A) <ehm> maybe I should start sharing my screen instead of the camera. 02:50 

(A) So (I'l), stop my camera, share my screen, <ehm>,  <other_noise> 02:59 

(A) Hello, yeah, <ehm> so this fingerprints map <ehm>

it's now <ehm> a bit more legible <ehm>, because it's <ehm> (??) 03:10 <other_unrecognisable speech> 03:13 

(A) and - <ehm> Dominik is <ehm> like <ehm> overseeing this and and checking if everything is missing. 03:22 

(A) <ehm> I haven't had the time to update the diagram, <ehm> the sketch, so in essence the - the (??)sheet is (??) - 03:29 

(A) and this should be the grapf, but we don't have - <ehm> we don't have the graph. 03:33 

(A) This is - <ehm> 

the graph would take <ehm> much time to <ehm> to construct. 03:39 

(A) <ehm> okay, so as I said, <ehm>, for today I would really like to see the full workload, 03:46 

(A) so all of your imputs, <ehm>, and all target languages in the presentation platform - 03:51 

(A) to see how that behaves. 03:52 

(A) <ehm> and I would also like to test (those)-

<ehm> to switch the (??)-line during someone -

<ehm> someone's talk. 03:59 

(A) So, <ehm>, one of the channels should be followed - <ehm>

should be like <ehm> recorded, for example. 04:05 

(A) We can think that this is one of the re-speakers, <ehm>, and <ehm>, we would like to switch the subtitles to present another source of that language. 04:14 

(A) So if <ehm> several imput <ehm> (Englishs), and we would like to switch <ehm> those. 04:19 

(A) <ehm> yeah, so, everything is going - 04:24 

<ehm> so, <ehm> (??) (Chiara) or (Ivan) can you please explain? 04:28 

(D) Yes (sure), <ehm> 04:31 

(A) Yeah. 04:32 

(D) The presentation platform available (??) is not yet (updated) 04:39 

(D) (??) support and switching <other_noise>

(D) (??) (friends) (??) <ehm> 

(D) A working copy will be <ehm> (deployed) next week. 04:50 

(D) (??) 04:53 <ehm> <other_noise>

(A) Yeah. 04:53 

(D) You (??) 

(A) Yeah.

(D) today. <other_unrecognisable speech> 

(D) (??) support (??) publishing (??) different languages, but they all (may be) published with using the <other_noise> English as (??) language. 05:06 

(D) Unfortunately, <ehm>, (??) is not <ehm> 05:10 

(A) As - <oter_noise>

(A) I - <ehm>, I - , yeah I (??), yeah 05:14 

(A) The voice quality is again <ehm> not perfect.

(A) <ehm>, so, I hear your voice <ehm> interrupted at times. 05:21 

(A) <other_noise> So I thought that for this check <ehm> we want you to do the switching <ehm> by killing (off) the (??)-lines, and <ehm> using the <ehm> bridge <ehm> selecting different bridge <ehm> worker <ehm> starting (up) a different bridge worker and starting (up) the - <ehm> 

the (??)-line again. 05:39 

(A) So the <ehm> different bridge would be - <ehm> would be used and the different path would be selected. 05:45 

(A) So- 05:45 

(D) Yes. 05:46 

(A) For this - <ehm> for this check today, I wanted to <ehm> use the setup which you already work(ed) in the past. 05:52 

(D) Okay, sorry again and thank you. 05:55 

(A) Yeah, so this -

<ehm> this should - <other_noise>

we should be able to (test) this. 06:00 

(A) So, maybe - <ehm> <other_noise>

I'll just say <ehm>, so - <ehm>

yeah, we're testing the old option, the <ehm> bridge workers to select the <ehm> (??) 06:19 

(A) Please <ehm> explain <ehm> whether the - <ehm>

the (planned) behaviour <other_noise> for the next week. 06:37 

(A) Yeah, so, so (Chiara) actually since you are here, <ehm> you were not here when I was <ehm> saying that Wednesday is also available for the full (guesting) at <ehm> (South Premises). 06:48 

(A) When -

<ehm> and I heard that you are coming, which is great. 06:51 

(A) So, i- is that true? 06:52 

(A) Are you coming? 06:53 

(A) Yes. <silence> 06:57 

(A) Yeah I haven't heard you - 06:58 

(D) Yes. 06:59 

(A) <other_noise> Okay, <ehm>, and <ehm>, when are you coming? 07:03 

(A) Are you coming during Wednesday? 07:05 

(A) So you will be (hore) - here only on Wednesday evening or even earlier? 07:09 

(D) <ehm>, I don't (??) 07:12 

(D) I have to ask (??) journey. 07:15 

(A) Yeah, so, <ehm> so <ehm> as (said), <ehm> Wednesday is surely available from the very morning and <ehm> Tuesday <ehm> afternoon is also extremely likely. 07:27 

(A) So, if you come already at Tuesday lunchtime, we will make use of <ehm> all the <ehm> <cough> available (??) <ehm> very well. 07:34 

(A) So Tuesday lunchtime <ehm> would be already <ehm> sensible arrival, <ehm> if you can make it. 07:40 

(D) Okay, I can ask you about (??) 07:42 

(A) Yeah, (??) <parallel_talk> (??) <\parallel_talk> 07:47  

(D) Okay, okay, I will ask you. 07:49

(A) Yeah, yeah, okay, thank you. 07:52

(A) <ehm> yeah and than - 
<ehm> so, (we'll do) the testing <ehm> in the second, once - <ehm> once Dominik is - <ehm> is - 
(has) put everything together and on <ehm>, and so on. 08:02

(A) What (ow)- <ehm> what occured to me <ehm> as a usable thing <other_noise> is (??) (the) various thing would be if all the interpreters int he four <ehm> (booths) would see <ehm> their <ehm> subtitles as the're being recognised. 08:18

(A) So for example now if I saw me, if I saw my own English among the - <ehm> on the subtitles, which, for some reason, does not <ehm>, yeah - 08:27
oh okay, something is being updated and I don't see the actual words. 08:32

(A) So, I cannot <ehm> (tune) my pronunciation to improve - <ehm> to improve what is <ehm> being reco- recognised or how do I - 
<ehm> how close am I to the microphone and and so on. 08:45

(A) So if we are able to <eh> provide the interpretors with the immediate feedback, I believe the quality would be much <ehm> better. 08:54

(A) <ehm> for this, <ehm>, Charles University can bring <ehm> sufficient laptops, we'll somehow get them, 08:59  I don't know, <ehm> wha have four but we will try. 09:02  

(1) <ehm> but, we need <ehm> the setup to - 
<ehm> to be there. 09:07 

(A) So, Miloš, are you (or) on the call? 09:09 <other_noise>

(A) Miloš, Miloš, are you here?

(A) Can you hear us? 09:15 <other_noise>

(A) <other_yawn> (??) Miloš, are you - here? 09:26 

(A) So let's see if Miloš is here. 09:29

(A) I want you to doublecheck with Miloš, <ehm> whether <ehm> the - 
<ehm> whether they can still <ehm> connect (formal) laptops to the Internet. 09:38

(E) Hello, hello. 09:43

(A) Yes, we can hear you. 09:45

(E) Great, so I am here. 09:49

(A) Yeah, so <ehm>, can you connect for more laptops to the Internet? 09:53

(A) I guess that should not be any problem. 09:56

(B) I guess it should not, but I don't know about the capacity of the switch, so, yeah, I should check. 10:02

(A) Yeah, so the idea is to - to have <ehm> notebooks also in the interpreters' (booths), but we can run into physical limits, maybe there is not enough space on their desk and - and so on.10:13

(A) <ehm> and- 
but if we - if we succeed with the physical setup, <ehm> then - 
<ehm> my idea is that <ehm> in the (??) languages we would also have these <ehm> specific for <ehm> languages or <ehm> fake language labels, 10:29  which would correspond to the <ehm> ASR <ehm> of the individual <ehm> (booths) <ehm> - 
like <ehm> (ride away). 10:38

(A) And <ehm>, I have not thought about the details, about the fingerprints, 10:42  I - I (let) this to - <ehm> to Dominik.10:46

(A) What is my little worry is thay we will actually need yet another <ehm> for couple of ASR, the corresponding language <ehm> ASR workers. 10:56

(A) <ehm> but, if we can <ehm> do it in a different way, it would be better. 11:03

(A) So this is <ehm> like an idea and I would like (that) Dominik and - and <ehm> (Chiara) or -
(??) to discuss how to do this <ehm>, so that the <ehm> network load is - is not duplicated again. 11:15

(A) So this is <ehm>, pl- please discuss this a- 
if you say it's too complicated let's - let's give up on this. 11:22

(A) But, <ehm>, if - 
I thing it would - 11:25

(D) My - my only wor- worry is about (??), <ehm> let's say <ehm>, service languages (like) (??) one (??) two and so on. 11:38

(D) <ehm>, you will have - those service languages displayed also in the main page <parallel_talk> Yeah <\parallel_talk> of presentation platform. 11:46

(D) And, so, also - 
(an) users will be <ehm> <parallel_talk> Yes <\parallel_talk> allowed to choose one of them <ehm>, and -
<other_yawn> I don't know if it's suitable or not. 11:57

(D) In - in my opinion, <laugh> <parallel_talk> Yeah <\parallel_talk>

(A) I think it's okay, I like I would not worry. <parallel_talk> Okay <\parallel_talk>12:04  (1) Ehm, maybe - maybe we can (lang-) we can label these <ehm> special languages only with <ehm> numbers. 

(A) <Ehm, so, <ehm> maybe call it like (X1), (X2), (X3), (X4). 12:16  

(D) <other_noise> any idea? 12:18

(A) So - <ehm> so then, <ehm> no one would be likely to- to choose it and if they discover and they were like to follow these <ehm> direct (booth) channels then why not. 12:29

(A) But, like it's not our problem. 12:31

(B) So these- <other_yawn> these are only the - the outputs from ASR? 12:40

(A) Yes, exactly. 12:42

(B) Okay. 12:45

(A) So the idea is - how to set up <ehm> like a little path out <ehm> from the main path, which goes through the translation <ehm> and all that. 12:56

(A) <ehm> the - the little path out directly to - <ehm> to the presentation platform. 13:02

(A) <ehm> Okay, so let's - let's move <ehm> forward <ehm>, so <ehm>- a very <ehm> relavant thing <ehm> is that we would - we should <ehm> try o collect some feedback from the participants. 13:15

(A) <ehm> and w- we(s) have only created but not - not yet populated <ehm> the feedback form. 13:22

(A) So if you have any ideas <ehm> what to ask, simply create a random questions we'll (polish) this. 13:28

(A) Obviously, we will not <ehm> aks this questions before we actually know how it works. 13:34

(A) <ehm> like if - if - if it - fails completely, there's no point in asking like- Were you happy with translation (quality) (??) polish <ehm> - so, we'll only ask <ehm> the questions that are relevant. 13:45

(A) So we'll keep updating this form <other_yawn> as we go. 13:47

(A) <ehm> my main <parallel_talk> Well, actually, <\parallel_talk> Yeah <parallel_talk> sorry I (??) <\parallel_talk> Yeah, yeah

(D) we have a lot of questions regarding the user interface, <ehm> <parallel_talk> Okay <\parallel_talk> 

(D) The fun- functionalities and -
you know (there're two) <ehm> maybe presentation(al) platform more  comfortable <parallel_talk> Great <\parallel_talk> for the user. 14:03

(D) So we can - put a lot of questions regarding these parts. <laugh> 14:07

(A) Yes, exactly, so k-
feel free to create a new section here or whatever. 14:11

(A) (Though) into form modified as - as - as you like <parallel_talk> (Okey) <\parallel_talk> and we'll organise a (??) Google form anyone can edit <ehm> it 14:18 and, <ehm> we'll finalise the content of the form actually on Wednesday I suggest. 14:25

(A) So that, <ehm> on - on Thursday we can give it to the participants. 14:30

(D) Thank you. 14:33

(A) so if anyone would like to know anything about their part, <ehm>, feel free to add such questions in a way that is understandable to - <ehm> like a - late users. 14:43

(A) Yeah, and <ehm> the last thing I wanted to mention is this <ehm> video, that we would like to record from - <ehm> from that, as you know the - the video form <ehm> the (??) was quite successful at least for u- for ourself, I think. 14:59

(A) <ehm> and, this time I have <ehm> a student jour- journalist, a PhD. <ehm> student of journalism, so he should be the more skilled. 15:10

(A) We are still waiting for the confirmation from (SAO), whether they- have no objections <ehm> against this. 15:16

(A) <ehm> and, I think that Miloš (will not know) today,15:19  I think that <ehm> (SAO) finally decide <ehm> only on Monday. 15:23

(A) <ehm>, but <ehm>, anyway, I told the person <ehm> that <ehm> we would like, even if (SAO) does not (hello) him to - to go to the premises, that we would still like to do it well outside of the building, or <ehm> at Charles University, or wherever. 15:38

(A) So, <other_yawn> this is - this is the Google document <ehm> which <ehm> would be then the content of the video. 15:45

(A) <ehm> and <ehm> these- the journalist never know what to tell you, wh- what they should ask, or <ehm> what- what (he) should tell them, so actually it's up to us to - <ehm> to propose the propose the content. 15:56

(A) They - <ehm> they will then organise it in a nice way, but we need to <ehm> suggest what - what should appear in the video. 16:02

(A) So, please, if you have any ideas <parallel_talk> Sorry, <\parallel_talk> just (put) them there. <parallel_talk> (??) <\parallel_talk> , okay. 

(D) <ehm>, the problem is -
<ehm> for the guy is to (??) building or to (recover) - recall (the inside it). 16:13

(A) <ehm> so well <ehm > the- the person is avaiable and has the whole day <ehm> for us, <ehm> but <ehm> (SAO) needs to approve that he can enter the building, which is -
<ehm> which they probably allow without any problems, 16:27  and that he can record and what he can record. 16:30

(A) <ehm>, I think (there) - is many sensible ways <ehm> how he can record something and still not record any of the participants, <ehm> and not our (inper)- iterpreters as well. 16:41

(A) And we would still like to see these parts of the video, <ehm> but <ehm> in general, <ehm> someone needs to confirm, that - that he can be there with the equipment. 

(D) Okay, <ehm> please let us also know <ehm> if it's possible to record (the) something inside the - the building, because <ehm> maybe <ehm> we - we can (have) been providing recording by ourselves, at least some - <ehm> some (scene) of the situation and of the (booth) and (??) and so on. <parallel_talk> Yes, exactly <\parallel_talk> (??) 17:11

(A) Yeah yeah, so <parallel_talk> <ehm> (??) video <\parallel_talk> what - what I - what I <ehm> also have is a - is a -
like a regular camera, big one, that <ehm> I use <ehm> at the - <ehm> at the (??), <ehm> so, <ehm> I also -
well- t- try to - <ehm> get some material as a background, possible background <ehm> images. 17:32

(A) <ehm> but <ehm> obviously, someone has to be fine with that. 17:34

(A) Is -
a - the - the room <parallel_talk> Yes, sure <\parallel_talk> is not in the street regime, the - the room <ehm>, the lecture room, is -
you don't need an ID card to enter this room, ehich is different from the normal premises of (SAO). 17:45

(A) So, if I - when I visit Miloš in his offices, I need to show my ID, they record <other_noise> and - and so on. 17:52

(A) <ehm> and - and they double-check that I don't have any knives, and <ehm> all the security gates. 17:58 

(A) <ehm> but <ehm>, the - <ehm> the - presentation or the - the workshop room is a normal one. 18:04

(A) So it's - <ehm> it's easier to get <ehm> there and -
but (SAO) has to confirm that <ehm> they are fine with that. 18:10

(A) Okay, so <parallel_talk> Okay <\parallel_talk> 18:13  (2/4??) (??) is not working (??), is it? <parallel_talk> <ehm> <\parallel_talk> 18:15

(A) What is not working? 18:17 

(E) <ehm> I am checking my microphone, because - I don't see my name like (??) <ehm>, so I thought it was broken and now it's finally working <parallel_talk> We can hear you, we can hear you <\parallel_talk>, okay. 18:28

(2) So, the thing is, <ehm> even with the interpreters, <ehm> there was this requirement <ehm> for the confidentiality or (no dis)closure, so I don't think it will be this easy to - get permission to record anything. 18:42  

(A) Yeah, <ehm> so the idea is to record <ehm> like the setting and what we do there, so the (wires) and an empty room, or <ehm> interpreter's (booth) or maybe to watch our participants, 19:00

the - like the biggest thing would be to watch our participants from behind <laugh>. 19:05  

(A) <ehm> and <ehm> s-
like-
a-
maybe at some point, when there is nothing <ehm> interesting or w- where the screen is actually not visible at all. 19:13  

(A) And- and the content of the - of what they are talking should not have (be) in the - in the video. 19:19  

(A) So we can make <ehm>, maybe <ehm>, like <ehm> <other_unrecognisable speech> (2) Yeah, and you will (probably meet)- also someone (disclosure) (for)- from the journalists, because (??) he will be there, he will hear stuff. 19:36 

(A) <ehm> That's right, so (that) we can - <ehm> we can ask him to sign the same thing as the interp-
you're right, okay. 19:45  

(A) So we'll- we'll figure this out. 19:46  

(A) So this is - this is for (Tea) 19:47  

(A) Can you email Tea, that <ehm> we need to have -
because <ehm> what the journalist- <ehm> we cannot simply say <ehm> that he followed <ehm> the <ehm> like code of conduct of interpreters. 20:01 

(A) Because journalists have different codes of conduct. 20:03  

(A) <ehm> so, <ehm> we'll - we'll have a (nondisclosure) agreement for - <ehm> for him as well. 20:10  

(A) And we can also confirm -
I guess the - the regime here is the same as - as (with) the interpreters. 20:15  

(A) So it's us who confirm(s) (to) you, the (SAO), that <ehm> they have signed this non(??) agreement and they will not do any - <ehm> any bad thing. 20:26 

(A) And it's our responsibility. 20:28  

(A) So that's - that's not problem <parallel_talk> (I hope so) <\parallel_talk> yeah. 20:33 

(A) So that's - that's not a problem. 20:35 

(A) But <ehm> please <ehm> since the time is <ehm> getting short please -
<ehm> like -
<ehm> swiftly communicate any - <ehm> any concerns, <ehm> so that we can - <ehm> we can have him there and - and record it. 20:47 

(A) So in the worse case <parallel_talk> (Yeah, (??) regarding concerns, yeah)<\parallel_talk> yeah

(E) There were even concerns from the participants that- <ehm> the - thing the - things there will be talk - they will be talking about - will - be - <ehm> well, will (leak) too soon. 21:04 

(A) So <parallel_talk> <cough> <\parallel_talk> (there) are definitely concerns, with the (??).21:07 

(A) Okay.

(A) Okay, <ehm> s-
yeah, so well - I thing it's - <ehm> it's something that we all <ehm> can sign that we are not going to leak anything and that will be very <ehm> careful about the data and - all that, but  - obviously, (yeah) you- you have to decide. 21:28 

(A) <other_noise> So - so - <ehm> I don't know, maybe - maybe some of the sessions should be like <ehm> close(d) for us or -
I don't know what - what the setup would be. 21:40 

(A) <other_noise> Yeah, (on)- okay.21:45 

(A) So - <ehm> so Miloš, your - your microphone is now <ehm> (very well) <ehm> -
we - we hear your typing (frantically), I guess (it's not) - <parallel_talk> Not me, not me. <\parallel_talk> not -
okay.21:57 

(A) So someone else <laugh> <ehm> anyway, <other_unrecognisable speech> let's <ehm>- 22:01 

(D) (??) 

(A) Is it Barry? 22:05 

(C) Not me. <parallel_talk> (??) <\parallel_talk>

(A) No - no, I don't know, we hear someone typing <em> (very) loud. 22:10 

(A) <laugh> yeah, okay, so let's get <ehm> the experiment running. 22:15 

(A) <ehm> I am talking <ehm>, so I'll now -
<ehm> I'm talking and I'm watching <ehm> the subtitles. 22:23 

(A) <ehm> And, I'm not sure it's - if it's recognising what - <ehm> what I am saying. 22:33 

(A) My (softer) lines of English <parallel_talk> Yes. <\parallel_talk> is (??) <parallel_talk> Yes, it's - it's recognising you. <\parallel_talk> 22:37 

(A) But what is being dispayed in the subtitles is totally wrong. 22:42 

(A) So if you look at the subtitles it doesn't make any sense whatsoever. 22:48 

(F) (??) (it was microphone but - I - I touched) 22:52 

(A) (That)'s reasonable, I would say -

(F) I - I will check what- what does it listen to <parallel_talk> Yeah. <\parallel_talk> 22:59 

(A) Yeah, so maybe we have the problem with the input quality, which can happen <ehm> all the time - 23:04 

(F) No it's good. 23:06 

(A) Yeah, so that's -
<ehm> my voice correctly arise, so (not) French, Hungary, Italian, <ehm> Dutch, Polish, Roman(ian) Spanish - 23:17 

(A) So I have the - full set of subtitles <other_noise>, but I don't have -
 <ehm> I see only some messy German <ehm> and some <parallel_talk> Yes <\parallel_talk> completely broken <ehm> English, so <parallel_talk> We still have only two English segmenters so we can run at most two languages at once. <\parallel_talk> 23:35 

(A) Oh, and we don't have anyone from <ehm> (??). 23:39 

(F) Yes. <parallel_talk> (??) some day to go <\parallel_talk> 23:41 

(F) Yes tody I wrote them email to run- ten (two) segmenters, but they didn't replied. 23:47 <other_noise> <cough> 

(A) Yeah, so for now I suggest that <ehm> we all keep <ehm> connected to this call and <ehm> we'll do the (debugging) an- at various places and <other_noise> if you are not (debugging) at - anything at any point, then -
<ehm> well -
just keep working on whatever you have to do - 24:18 

<ehm> otherwise, but please keep listening in, <ehm> so that when you have problem <ehm> we can ask immediately. 24:25 

(A) <ehm> and - <ehm> I'll have to leave for another call in thirty minutes from now, but Dominik and Jonáš will be <ehm> here <ehm> and-

another thing that we <ehm> still have not started (debugging) is the - <ehm> is the video - broadcastings, so we should make yoursel(f this) opportunity and see -
<ehm> yeah - if I can - <ehm>

if I can shift the video from Linux (mischief) for example. 24:56 

(A) So (??) <parallel_talk> (??) <\parallel_talk>

(A) Say it again? <parallel_talk> (??) German is being- is going to be published?<\parallel_talk> <other_noise>

(F) Yes, I - I - I - I turned (English) off and I started German, 25:10

cause I struggled with - (plunging) English and German at once. 25:17 

(F) So I am going to r- (rum) them separately. 25:22 

(C) S- so can we see this (??) somewhere? 

(1) Yes, <ehm> it's elitr.(??).com 25:38 

(C) <ehm>, it's not (??) (translation) service (then). 25:41 

(1) It is not? 25:44 

(C) <ehm> Was a- was a question. <other_unrecognisable speech> 25:47 

(1) This should be using your translation service, right? 25:51 

(F) I - I am not sure. 25:53 

(C) <laugh> I don't think it's (logging) anything but, (??) is looking for the long files. 25:58 

(F) Yes, because we have English to German translator from (??) so, I - I think - 26:03 

<parallel_talk> <ehm> o- okay, that's - <\parallel_talk> you (mustn't) (??) one. 26:05 

(C) Okay, okay. 26:06 

(F) But let's - let's try Romanian, 26:12 because there is only - (your) Romanian. 26:18 

(C) We have Romanian? 26:19 

(C) Oh let's see. 26:20 <ehm> <other_noise> 

(F) Yes, we have. 26:24 

(F) Now I started it. 26:25 

(F) So English <parallel_talk> I - I - <\parallel_talk> (no) - no -

(F) Ondřej say something. 26:30 

(A) Okay, one, two, three, four. 26:33 <ehm>

(C) (Okay, I can) - <parallel_talk>
What I noticed in the English channel is that <ehm> I still see a lot of <ehm> old English subtitles, some words about microprhone and recognising and reasonable - <\parallel_talk> 26:46 

(A) And I think this is -
these words <ehm> were uttered by me several minutes ago. 26:50 

(1) So I think it's (cashing) terribly. 

(A) (Chiara), can you - can you confirm, can you somehow -
is there a way to (flush) <ehm> the cash? 26:59 <parallel_talk> <ehm> <\parallel_talk>

(D) A way to (flush) <parallel_talk> <ehm> where'd the cash be? <\parallel_talk> 27:04 

(A) <ehm> within the <ehm> presentation platform. 

(D) <ehm> in the protocol (there's) the - <ehm> let say (flush) (message, who actually performs the <ehm> (flush) of the (??). 27:18 

(D) But actu- 
(but and) I think that (??) is that <ehm> there still be  in- incremental transcription problem to be (solved out). 27:31 

(D) And because it -
<ehm> the same phrase is proposed several times, with <ehm> sl- small differences. 27:40 <other_noise>

(D) A- are you working on - on this problem or - or actually with (this) integration the -
(keep) the ASR or - 27:53 <other_noise>

(C) (Beside) - <ehm> yeah, we (don't) just (aware) (??) we're talking about this the other day (and we've forgotten), m-
partially the same thing (??) actually ASR. 28:05 

(C) I think (??) (explosive) the paper and (??) which explains it. 28:09 

(C) <ehm> <parallel_talk> (zigzag) <\parallel_talk>

(C) (FEL) had some kind of <ehm> simple cashing. 28:22 

(C) <other_noise> Yeah

(D) The (??) paper (sieze), <ehm> if I correctly unde(stand) the (??) <ehm> they maintain the <ehm> start time the same <ehm> until <ehm> <other_noise> the (??) is <ehm> finalised, 28:40 

and then they (??) a new start time, when <ehm> it goes on in the press (diction). 28:47 

(C) Yeah, so, <other_noise> (Phil) - (Phil) - (Phil) just said these (??) loging to check this- <ehm> 28:59 

(C) Am-
I - I think the idea is he logs it to - to determine that it really is the algorithm specified to the paper. 29:06 <other_noise>

(C) Yes, (so) he hasn't made any changes, we only noticed the paper yesterday. 29:13 

(A) Yes so maybe <parallel_talk> (Yes and yes.) <\parallel_talk> <ehm> let's- let's copy(??) this link to - the Google document, because <ehm> in (??) it appears in many -
<ehm> in various channels and it's if you - if you (??) it. <other_noise>

(C) <ehm> 

(A) But if you are looking at the subtitles at elitr.(??).com, <ehm> then <ehm> the English should be (live) what- <ehm> from what I - <ehm> what I'm saying. 29:58 

(A) So, <ehm> there should be <ehm> little or no <ehm> delay between my words and what and what appears in the English - <ehm> and -
<ehm> as for now - I - d - like at this point I see the English stuck and no <ehm> words of mine. 30:14 

(F) Yes, (??) - (??) so fault now. 30:17 <other_noise>

(A) Okay. 30:18 

(F) It - it's (??). 30:20 (??) Only the Romanian is running, but I can't see any output from it. 30:27 

(A) Yeah, I - I don't see any output <ehm> inthe Romanian subtitles either. 30:31 

(A) So can we somehow debug <ehm> what is happening?

(A) Where is my speech- <ehm> where (it) stuck word doesn't get through and why there is nothing in the - <ehm> in the Romanian. 30:46 

(A) So how do we diagnose. 30:48 <other_noise>

(F) <ehm> I - I asked the ASR workers, they are running or not or if they are available but - not responding. 31:01 

(G) If I may? 31:14 

(A) Yes. 31:15 

(G) (??) <ehm> the - the very last published message I can se on -
(??) form the publisher is <ehm> three minutes old now, so no one is publishing right now. 31:29 

(A) Yeah that's -
Dominik says that that's (correct), so, Dominik, please, let us now, when <ehm> the publishing will start again and we will re(??) - re(??) things. 31:40 

(G) Okay. 31:45  <other_noise>

(A) Dominik, should I (do the same) something? 32:21 

(A) Should I (do the same) something? <ehm> <other_noise>

(A) (??) who available o (the ASR) workers, ane <parallel_talk> For some reason (anyone here won't be) - <ehm> in the call. <\parallel_talk>

(A) No one can hear (you). 32:43 <other_noise> <parallel_talk> Takže máme tam dva- <\parallel_talk> <other_unrecognisable speech>

(D) Hey guys, sorry, may I make a stupid question? 32:56 <ehm>

(A) Yeah.

(D) Did we invite (??)? 33:00 

(D) Because I think that it's really important to have at least (Felix) and (Ison) participating <ehm> this call. <other_unrecognisable speech>

(A) Donimik emailed them <ehm> yesterday <ehm> and they did not respond to that email at all (??) <cough> five minutes ago and (??) didn's respond either. 33:19 

(D) Okay, <laugh> <parallel_talk> so <laugh> <\parallel_talk> sorry. <other_noise>

(C) So what's the current problem, I'm not sure the ASR's working. 33:38 

(A) <ehm> Dominik, is the ASR working at the moment? 33:44 

Is the ASR working at the moment? 33:46 

(F) (we're there)

(A) <ehm>, people cannot hear you, Dominik, for some reason (??) <parallel_talk> And now you can hear me, (right)? <\parallel_talk> yeah. 33:53 

(F) Now we - I can -
or I can't share the screen, I  - <other_yawn> we have there two- two ASR workers from English, which are available. 34:10 

(F) And I just (??) minute ago and they should output somethin, but they don't. 34:21 

(A) Well I'm not saying anything. 34:24 

(A) (??) <ehm> t- they should be producing something only when I'm talking. 34:30 

(C) But you're talking (??) it (didn't occur) - <parallel_talk> Yeah I'm talkin now. <\parallel_talk> 

(C) And <ehm> there's going nothing hitting the (MT) server (??) 

(F) Say something Ondřej. 34:46 

(A) Yeah, one, two, three, four, one, <parallel_talk> Yes. <\parallel_talk> two, three, four. 34:50 

(F) So (these) ASR worker's not working. 34:52 

(A) So we (hadn't) been the - like the old (??), the (bug) when the (??) is not producing anything. 35:00 

(F) Yes, (??)

(A) How many ASR workers are available and - <parallel_talk> Two are registered as available, but one of them is not working, so I try this scond one. <\parallel_talk>

(A) <ehm> 

(F) And if it's - <other_noise>

say something Ondřej.

(A) Yes, one, two, three, four <parallel_talk> Yeah. <\parallel_talk> o- one, two, three, four <other_unrecognisable speech> <other_noise>

(A) Should I be saying somethin again? 36:15 

(A) One, two, three, four, one, two, three, four-

so what I'm going to do now is to try <ehm> (login) to skype and- and reach <ehm> the (??) people <ehm> on Skype. 36:29 

(1) If at all they are available. 36:32 <other_noise>

(F) Say something again. 36:55 

(A) One, two, three, four. <parallel_talk> (??) <\parallel_talk> <other_noise>

(F) (??)

(A) Yeah, one, two, three, four -

it didn't connect, okay, I <ehm> sent a message <ehm> to Sebastian on Skype hoping that <ehm> we'll connect - 
we'll somehow get respond from (??). <other_noise>

(F) Can you stop sharing (your screen)?

(A) Okay, yep yep yep. <parallel_talk> (??) <\parallel_talk>

(A) (??) (do that) - <other_yawn> 

stop sharing. 38:42 

(A) I'm clicking - <ehm> yeah. <other_noise>

(F) So, here you can see that we are (??) 39:06 

(D) Sorry guys, <ehm> anothers question - <laugh> 

<ehm> did we use the (??) send the audio in the (march fair)? 39:18 

(D) Or we use a different client. 39:21 

(F) We (was) (the same EB-client) (??). 39:25 

(D) Okay. 39:27 

(F) So now, here we can see - that we have two - two ASR wors- workers, but here - yeah -

let's see how many segmenters. 39:48 <other_noise>

(F) O- okay so we run out of segmenters. 40:10 

(A) Okay. 40:17 

(F) (??) sector (??) two texts. 40:19 

(F) There is only one English segmenter and it's not available, but <ehm> two German. 40:29 

(F) So we can switch for German input only. 40:37 

(A) Okay, so should I start (saying something) in German? 40:41 <other_voice>

(F) I - I change (??) fingerprints. 40:48 

(D) Actually <ehm> (Dario) told me that (Sebastian) i- is (off) office at the moment. 40:56 

(F) Yeah.

(A) Is out of office or I - I haven't understood? 41:04 

(D) <ehm> (Dario) told me -
actually <ehm> <other_voice> out of office. 41:15 

(A) Okay, so if no way to <ehm> to notify anyone from (??) -

this is too bad. 41:24 

(D) I'm trying to - call (??) in the office, <ehm> (we've) (??) 

I think at least we have both number Felix and the number of (Tyson), but <ehm> at the moment none of them is <ehm> answering. 41:38 

(D) I am going to - (??) right now. 41:39 

(A) Okay, yeah, thank you. 41:42 <other_noise> <other_unrecognisable speech>

(D) (??) 43:05 <other_noise>44:30 

(F) So - so now we should be able to see - some German subtitles from - from many interpreters (from) one - 

mom- a mock-interpreter conference. 44:45 

(A) <ehm> I don't see them, I see only the old - <ehm> (??) <parallel_talk> Yes <\parallel_talk> okay, <ehm> <parallel_talk> Yes, it's running. <\parallel_talk> 44:58 <other_noise>

(A) So, then, can we <ehm> go form German to English and (??) English to other languages to (pass) the translation system from (??) Edimburgh. 45:11 

(F) Okay. 45:14 <other_noise>

(F) <ehm> No. 45:31 

(A) <laugh> why not? 

(F) <ehm> it's - unable to (??) okay? 45:36 <other_noise>

(C) (??) <other_noise>

(F) Oh, let's try this. 45:52 <other_noise>

(F) and - 

(no) - (CSEU) <other_noise>

(F) So which part is (there) available? 46:24 <other_noise>

(F) There's one segmenter again. 46:43 

(F) Let's go - for - <other_yawn> 46:55 <other_noise>

(F) (Guys) this not working. 47:20 <other_noise> 47:50 

(F) We (launch) this.47:52 <other_noise> 49:02  

(F) Yes. 49:04 

(A) So, should I be <ehm> (??) all day - <parallel_talk> No, i- it's from audio.  <\parallel_talk> 49:12 

(A) Okay - <parallel_talk> The input is from audio. <\parallel_talk> 49:15 

(F) Yes, so we have German to Polish (??) English. 49:20 

(A) So how do we make sure (it depends) on the subtitles now? 49:24 

(F) I didn't start the publisher -

(D) Felix (??) and he told me that he's going to run the workers right now. 49:34 

(A) Who, Felix? 49:35 

(D) Felix, yes. 49:37 

(A) Yeah. 49:38 

(F) (??) P- PL(??), (it)- it's not (right). 49:45 

(A) (PLPL) 49:47 <other_noise>

(F) Yes. 50:00 

(F) Now we should see Polish subtitles. 50:03 

(F) Jeden, jeden, jeden, jeden. 50:05 

(A) Jeden, jeden, jeden, okay <laugh> 50:07 

(F) Jedno I. 50:08 

(A) By any chance, (??) other recording and all the old recordings, for example from Miloš <ehm> 50:20 

(G) I - I have (??) this desktop. 50:23 

(A) So can you <ehm> send it to me (please)?50:27 

(A) (??) from the desktop but (there're) people who (not) see this (thing). 50:30 

(G) I can (??) to (my) -

(D) Hey guys, (what) -
so Felix (??) 50:40 <other_noise> 51:16 

(A)  Yep, so <ehm>, I'm right now trying to find space to - (??) (the worker), (and) please (??) me. 51:24 

(A) Yes. 

(H) (??) worker -

might be a little more difficult <ehm> because (Tyson) is not here today for medical reasons. 51:30 

(H) <ehm> (??), <parallel_talk> Yeah. <\parallel_talk> but I will have a look. 

(A) So - so which <ehm> I - I don't know what like - <ehm> what happened to (Tyson), I hope, that he - <ehm> that he'll get better soon. 51:45

(A) But <ehm> last time hae also didn't know about the - the (private) call and the(??) (regularer), so, can you please make sure <ehm> that <ehm> like - <ehm> you're on the same page. 51:56 

(A) We need to know when you're not going to be available. 51:59 

(A) And n-
when I see you - <parallel_talk> (??) <\parallel_talk> and-

(H) I didn't recieve <ehm> (doodle) any more (??) so - I -

(A) Yes <ehm> (??) because it's the regular thing that every - <ehm> every week we (set) -
<ehm> like - <ehm> (it) - it is already month ago when we planned it for every friday. 52:17 

(A) It was in the document. 52:19 

(H) I must have missed (that), okay,52:22 (it's) on every week(end). 52:23 

(A) And- and also yesterday <ehm> Dominik was conducting <ehm> (Tyson) and I'm- and and- and maybe also you about the (??) workers. 52:32 

(A) So, <ehm> please make sure this doesn't hap- again - happen again that we are - like - reaching you and all the possible ways. 52:39 

(H) <ehm> but - but my mail was around 6 p.m. yesterday, so <parallel_talk> (Yeah, okay. <\parallel_talk> 

(H) (Tyson) was not (??) today (??). 52:51 

(A) Yeah, but if you have also recieved the - <ehm> the email probably, so (what's) - 53:00 

(A) Let's make sure that we are <ehm> (??) .53:08 <other_noise>

(I) (Který ty data si myslel Ondro?) 53:54 

(A) (??) 54:00 

(I) Jak se to jmenovalo? 54:01 

(I) (Intosay) WGA Transcript(??). <parallel_talk> jo, (tak) to bude ono, ano, to bude ono. <\parallel_talk>

(A) (??) oni sou možná ňáký ty (??) (zpřetrhaný). 54:09 

(I) oni sou taky v jinym formátu, než potřebujem. 54:12 

(A) Jo. 54:14 <other_noise>

(I) I když, vlastně ne. 54:21 <other_noise>

(I) No, ale sou hrozně - 54:30 <other_noise> <other_unrecognisable speech> <other_noise>

(A) So, <ehm> this is just to let you know <ehm>, you can still hear me -
<ehm> that I'm now also joining the other call. 56:24 

(A) So, <ehm> I'll try <ehm>to mute myself (??) <ehm> to keep hearing myself when I'll be talking <ehm> to the other call, but that -
(what) (we) (rarely) happening is ELG. 56:34 

(A) So Barry, <ehm> the first (??) agenda is (metaphorum) and <ehm> I said that <ehm> there in the list it appears (elitr) most likely -
<ehm> Edimburgh and your name was a question mark. 56:48 

(C) Okay, yeah that - that's - that should be okay. 56:52 <ehm>

(A) Yeah, exactly, so at this point <parallel_talk> Yeah. <\parallel_talk> I think it's okay. 56:55 <laugh>

(C) Okay, okay. 56:57 

(A) So you're not on the call, are you? 57:00 

(A) On- <parallel_talk> (??) <\parallel_talk>

(C) Oh, I'm the (LG-code) now, <parallel_talk> Yeah. <\parallel_talk>(at least) (??) from Edimburgh. 57:06 

(A) Yeah, okay. <parallel_talk> And, <ehm>- <\parallel_talk> 57:08 

(C) probably he's going to metaphorum too, but - (??) I can ask him <parallel_talk> Yeah. <\parallel_talk> to look after it later. 57:12 

(A) Yeah. 57:14 

(C) <laugh>

(A) Okay, so - 57:20 <other_noise> <other_unrecognisable speech> <other_noise> <other_unrecognisable speech> <other_noise> 59:31 

(D) Sorry guys, what we are going to test right now? 59:34 

(C) Yeah, is - is the testing still going on? 59:48 

(C) Because, (we) should probably (actually) drop off (??) reason(ably) soon. 59:52 

(D) Well, On- Ondrej (??) does, <ehm> but Dominik, are you still there? 1:00:05 

(C) <ehm> I can (see) some - traffic - hitting a <ehm> translation servers. 1:00:15 <other_noise>

(E) Chiara, do you hear me? 1:00:27 

(D) Yes. 1:00:29

(E) Well, <ehm> this is probably not the perfectc- time <ehm>, but <ehm> I'd like to (raise) the point of (incriprion), that it would be nice to have -
<ehm> on the - on the presentation interface <ehm> to have the (HTTTPS) mandatory at least. 1:00:45 

(D) But it's not mandatory, but at the moment the HTTPS should work. 1:00:59 

(E) Yes, that's correct, because for the- at least for the event it would be nice to have it mandatory, probably with some - at least a simple password. 1:01:11 

(E) Because if it's -

(D) At the moment, <ehm> we haven't had any requirements for <ehm> user (authentication), but <ehm> we (willing) to (use) it <ehm> in the next versions,1:01:24 not for this event, sorry. 1:01:26 

(E) Oh, then I'm not sure if you'll be able to use it, that - that's bad. 1:01:32 

(J) Hi, this is (Jonas), Dominik is having some trouble with the connecting the Internet- 

we - we will join soon - like - 1:01:47 

(D) Okay, <ehm>, actually there is <ehm>  problem in managing <ehm> user's data. 1:01:58 

(D) Ehm, for the GDPR <ehm> (??), and - (the) requires <ehm> much more <ehm> deep reasoning (about) - on how to (store) user data. 1:02:11 <other_noise>

(D) Miloš, what's your - <ehm> your point? 1:02:32 

(D) Did you understand the problem? 1:02:34 

(E) (??) (doubt), can you repeat? 1:02:36 

(D) Actually, <ehm> there's a problem in (??) for storying a used data. 1:02:43 

(D) And we require <ehm> much more <ehm> deep reasoning about it and this is the reason why in this version of this presentation platform we didn't store any (??) data. 1:02:54 

(D) Neither <ehm> username and password (that they) - 1:02:57 

(E) Oh, we donť need a (??) participant username and password, one password for the whole call will be sufficient. 1:03:05 

(E) And no usernames are needed, just something to prevent anyone from anywhere to listen (in). 1:03:14 

(D) <ehm okay, I understand, I can ask you (to), but, actually, it was not planned. 1:03:20 

(D) <ehm> we will do our best of course, to - <ehm> <parallel_talk> V pohodě. <\parallel_talk> to (the)- 

(I) Can you hear me now? 1:03:26 

(3) Yes, sure. 1:03:28 

(I) Hello, <other_unrecognisable speech> <parallel_talk> I apologise for - yeah. <\parallel_talk>

(E) For not saying it earlier, I hope you will be make -
able to make just the most basic things. 1:03:40 

(D) <laugh> Okay, <laugh>, <ehm> I cannnot (promise) it but <ehm> we will (work) - we will start work on it <ehm> as soon as possible.1:03:51 <other_noise>

(E) So now we should see French subtitles from English source from one recording from last year - 1:04:08 workshop 1:04:10.

(E) But I can's see any output. 1:04:12 

(E) So what's happening? 1:04:17 <other_noise> 1:04:29 

(E) I first tried the segmenter, English segmenter- <other_noise>

(E) nothing - <other_noise> 

(E) There may be an error in the segmenter. 1:05:09 

(E) From English to English.

(I) (??) I work out  and have a look at (??) 1:05:27 <other_noise>

(E) Yes, I can't get any output from segmenter but I (??) get it from (ASR). 1:05:39 

(D) Miloš? 1:05:42 

(D) (??) <other_noise> I aske d the <ehm> (??) the-
<ehm> o- (??) that say <ehm> super general authentication on the platform (??) developer. 1:05:55 

(D) And they <ehm> (pulled) me that actually it's - <ehm> it's easy to do things we already (reason) about it and <other_noise> it's available for the (??) <laugh>, okay? 1:06:09 

(E) Okay, thank you very much for the good news. 1:06:12 

(D) <leugh> yes <laugh> I am (??) so happy <laugh> to know it <laugh>. 1:06:16 <other_noise>

(E) Yeah, <other_noise> (??) seems that - that one segmenter is running but the second one is not running. 1:06:55 

(E) I doesn't output anything. 1:06:59 

(I) What do you mean by second segmenter? 1:07:06 

(E) I - I (launched) two instances of (EB) - client, two identical ones, one was from (NEU-lecture) (??) hybrid, into NEU text, and it doesn't output anything, and the second one was the same and it - 1:07:29 

(I) Yeah. 1:07:33 

(E) (now) I can connect- <parallel_talk> (??) or do you just get an- no output.  <\parallel_talk> 1:07:37 

(E) I got - I'm getting no output from the first one. 1:07:43 

(E) And it's connected. 1:07:44 

(E) Yeah, and, the second instance can't connect at all at this moment, but - yeah -
oh - wait - wait -

now it's connected and it's outputting - 1:08:01 

the text, 1:08:04 

(E) which seems that there's the - the same (??) ASR (but) sometimes it doesn't output anything. 1:08:15 

(E) But is avai-
but seems available. 1:08:18 

(I) So I am -
I right now have ten instances of this running all (off) (putting) hard files I - I don't even know which one you're connected to. 1:08:26 

(I) Because it's -

I could see you (with this) producing output because then it's writing something to the (logs). 1:08:31 

(I) But it's not producing output, then I can look at (logs) - is (??) - <parallel_talk> Yes. <\parallel_talk> not producing output. 1:08:37 

(I) Ehm- <parallel_talk> Yes. <\parallel_talk> if you can connect and you -

it say you get (up) (pipelin) then- then there should be definitely output if there is input. 1:08:48 

(I) So, the problem might be - that - maybe the audio is not (??) sent correctly. 1:08:55 

(E) It (sure) be (sent) - right. 1:08:58 

(E) Because when I try un(??) text instead of text, send it to - ASR - now

(C) Sorry, <ehm> I think I'm gonna drop off this call, <ehm> I can see that there - 

(will we get) text through (hits) the empty workers, our empty workers, but obciously we haven't (??) to stress them yet. 1:09:41 

(C) <ehm> - <parallel_talk> Yes. <\parallel_talk> I - I'm not sure, if you - 

yeah I'm (??) again we (off) (??) contact for an hour or two. 1:09:51 

(C) <ehm> But try (??) some (slack) anyway. 1:09:55 

(C) <ehm> (??) is actually - <parallel_talk> Okay. <\parallel_talk> (??) is actually flyingtoday so don't think you'll be (in) touch. 1:10:00 

(C) <ehm> But - <parallel_talk> Okay, thanks. <\parallel_talk> he a-

sorry about that, now I - I should - I should leave now. 1:10:10 

(C) Okay, (??) good luck for the (debugging). 1:10:13 

(E) Yeah, thank you. 1:10:17 

(C) Bye bye, bye bye. 1:10:18 

(E) Bye, bye. 1:10:19 

(E) Bye. 1:10:20 <other_noise>

(I) Barry - 

(D) Bye. 1:10:26 

(I) <ehm> sorry, Dominik? 1:10:28 

(D) <ehm> I asked <parallel_talk> Yes. <\parallel_talk> the (??) the (possibility) <ehm> the -
in the <ehm> previous afternoon and probably it's not possible, I'm sorry. 1:10:39 

(I) What is not - 

(D) <ehm> for us, for (pre-voice) to (be) there in the previous afternoon. 1:10:50 

(I) Okay.1:10:51 

(D) Sorry. 1:10:53 

(I) Yes, so you can arrive on Wednesday? 1:10:57 

(D) Yes, but in - in the evening. 1:11:01 

(I) Okay.

(D) Yes, so we - we do what - what we can. 1:11:08 <other_noise>

(I) Barry právě vodešel před chviličkou, tak - 1:15:37

(D) Sorry guys, are we still testing something? 1:17:40 

(D) Do you hear me? 1:17:41 

(E) Yes I can hea-
yes I can her you. 1:17:45 

(E) I - I'm - I'm going to - 

my - microtest script  wit- with a test case and - and upload it to the (crise) control (repo). 1:17:57 

(E) Then you can see and - and - and try it if it's - if it's okay. 1:18:02 

(D) Okay, <ehm> have you talk(ed) - <ehm> 

we - 

about <ehm> the <ehm> the (bridge) (??) fingerprints, we (??) 1:18:13 

(E) Yes. 1:18:17 

(D) Okay, <ehm> <parallel_talk> W- would you exchange some emails - <\parallel_talk>

(D) Okay. 1:18:21 

(D) And, have you found an agreement in order to - <ehm> to find these (tools) <ehm> language? 1:18:28 

(D) <ehm> In order to correctly populate the <ehm> presentation platforms (source) language (part)? 1:18:36 

(E) Yes, w- we - we use the bridge workers. 1:18:41 

(E) So we want change the publish- publishing workers but we -

(D) Okay, <parallel_talk> But we - start the bridges. <\parallel_talk> is it (??) 1:18:52 

(D) Okay, <parallel_talk> Sorry. <\parallel_talk> possible for us to-

is it possible for us to <ehm> check each - <ehm> each part that is meant to be -

and - (??) the <ehm> speakers languages right now. 1:19:09 

(D) Because (??) speaking the English (??) speaking German an so on. 1:19:19 

(D) It possible for us to check each - each (path) - togther? 1:19:26 

(E) <ehm> we need to change this on the client side. 1:19:29 

(E) Just to restart cients, change the fingerprints - 1:19:35

(D) Okay, we can do it in the afternoon - 1:19:37 

(E) What do you mean? 1:19:40 

(D) I just want to be sure that <ehm> we are able to provide the correct <ehm> (source) language in the presentation platform. 1:19:51 

(E) Yes, o- o- okay. 1:19:54 

(E) So you want to have there the meta- metainformation that this comes from -

(D) Exactly. 1:20:00 

(E) Yes, okay. 1:20:02 

(E) So we -

I didn't notice. 1:20:04 

(E) So how can we do- do it? 1:20:07 

(D) <ehm> if we - if you are available we can do it <ehm> now, but if you prefer to (??) (descripting) the - (??) control record we can do it also later - <parallel_talk> Yes. <\parallel_talk> not a problem. 1:20:20 

(E) Yes, I'm going to finish the script - 1:20:25 

(D) Okay, perfect. 1:20:26 

(D) <ehm> do you still need us in this call? 1:20:33 

(D) We can come back in the afternoon. 1:20:36 

(E) Yes, you can come back in the afternoon. 1:20:39 

(D) Okay, thank you. <parallel_talk> Or we can write on (??) <\parallel_talk>

(D) Yes, sure, okay. 1:20:45 

(E) Yeah.

(D) Then, thank you guys, <ehm> see you and (??) pretty- pretty soon, <laugh>, sooner <laugh>, bye, bye bye. 1:20:54 

(E) Bye, bye. 1:20:56 

(G) Bye. 1:20:58 

(E) Felix, are you still available? 1:21:11 

(E) And available in ten minutes or so? 1:21:14 

(F) Yes. 1:21:19 

(E) Yes, so I'm - I'm - I will write (??) script as - as for the testing the ASR that it- it starts so many instances of - of the (EB)-client to send audio to ASR(+) segmenter - <parallel_talk> Yes. <\parallel_talk> and I'm - I'm compiling the client now myself to test - <ehm> to test the - <parallel_talk> Yes. <\parallel_talk>

(E) Yes. 1:21:51 

(E) And I s- sen(d) you the s- the script to the (??) control (repo). 1:21:57 <other_noise>