D:  Adam ? 
D:  OK , 
D:  we can start ? 
D:  OK . 
D:  Thank you , Adam . 
D:  I will call you then when we are ready . 
D:  I believe , maybe one hour , in that sense . 
D:  OK , 
D:  welcome to our next meeting . 
D:  Um  I have couple of points we should discussed . 
D:  One is related to the proposal , 
D:  Michael , please can you close the door ? 
D:  Thank you . 
D:  And , um 
D:  furthermore , as most of you know I will leave in tenth of December , 
D:  I think we should discuss how we proceed in the meantime , 
D:  because I get , I would like to say , different signals from Siemens , 
D:  I believe , in the meantime it 's a higher probability that I will return , 
D:  but based on the pro uh , procedure to get a J - one visa and the IP six six it will be  I would like to say , earliest stage will be end of January , 
D:  so that means  we have to get over six weeks 
D:  and  
D:  Then furthermore I would  like to know the status of everybody . 
D:  I know for sure , OK , <inbreath> um  Miguel , you will  have your plans for this , uh , ongoing process , uh , concerning your work . 
D:  OK , from you it 's definitely clear , in principle . 
D:  OK , for Michael , what are your current plans 
D:  and Dietmar , maybe you then , also . 
D:  What we have discussed , in principle , concerning the ongoing process with U  <inbreath> USAIA and also this , uh , your current work , 
D:  and from my point , it seems to be clear that I will go back 
D:  definitely at tenth of December , 
D:  and , as I mentioned before , probably will be  more than fifty percent , I would like to say , that I will be come back to get  the freedom to launch here the project in the sense in whatever kind of form and get , in principle , paid by another project within Siemens . 
D:  So  the point is how long I will stay . 
D:  I believe , a couple of months definitely 
D:  and based on the success , I think that 's always an ongoing process to go back to  uh , to Germany for a couple of weeks 
D:  and then come here and  and go on with  with this work 
D:  and  
D:  so that is  my current opinion , concerning how Siemens deal with  with my , uh , ongoing effort . 
D:  And , furthermore , I would like to  First of all , thanks to uh  Dietmar 
D:  because he started to use a testbed . 
D:  Eh 
D:  in principle , in his spare time . 
D:  Yeah ! 
D:  Uh I will  
D:  So  so the first , <laugh> uh uh , box , this morning . 
D:  I will set up , definitely , in my spare time , in the evenings and the weekends the second box , 
D:  and I 'm looking for  two other volunteers who are setting the third and the fourth box . 
D:  A box is a  s P C . 
D:  Equipped with  with  we should equipped it with  with Linux 
D:  or maybe too with Free BSD , 
D:  I doubt  I don't know 
D:  and we 'll  
D:  And now we have an expert . 
D:  Yeah , to remov 
D:  So that you can pull eh the  plug in the removable hard disk to the ID bus 
D:  and  and OK , maybe it 's a little bit  
D:  Uh - huh , 
D:  And  
D:  Why you are laughing ? 
D:  I ju 
D:  I don't know , 
D:  I cou I s I didn't see him , 
D:  so I don't know what he did . 
D:  I know in the meantime it 's running , 
D:  and I will definitely set up the next one . 
D:  Yeah , 
D:  though my idea  maybe you eh can equip it with a 
D:  I don't know what your time constrain whether the time constraint allows you to set up one with  with Free BSD , for instance . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  OK , 
D:  uh - huh . 
D:  Do you find the time ? 
D:  Maybe also to uh support your  
D:  No promises ? 
D:  and even maybe to  to , uh  put your I G M P stuff on it . 
D:  Eh 
D:  No promises . 
D:  Ah , he 's very hard to sell . 
D:  Nee , because then the network is still running then . 
D:  Could we wait until the network is running ? 
D:  Because currently it 's not possible , uh , based on certain fire wall constraints . 
D:  I believe David is , uh , currently working on that . <inbreath> to set up the fire wall , 
D:  and he 's not an expert for that 
D:  and when I get the signal I will ask one more time . 
D:  Nah , but nevertheless thanks to Dietmar that he @ @ . 
D:  Yes , 
D:  we have , eh , for  for secure socket , 
D:  and , uh  for web access , the fire wall is open . 
D:  That 's all . 
D:  And  But currently it 's not working , right ? 
D:  But then , 
D:  uh 
D:  Yes . 
D:  Yeah , 
D:  You have internet outside access , 
D:  but no telnet and not R - login or whatever kind of things , you know . 
D:  Yeah , FTP yes . 
D:  But no telnet . 
D:  Uh  because you can  
D:  The  the  the point is that we will use it , as it is uh described several times , that we will use it as a local network , in principle , 
D:  but it doesn't make sense to use certain kinds of uh , media transportation f to put some stuff you need from your PC or your LS  to this , uh  uh , <inbreath> uh , to this testbed , 
D:  you know . 
D:  So 
D:  you download it , if that s must be possible from the network , 
D:  but normally it should be used as um  uh for demonstrations or to figure out if you have a scenario where you have to use more than , uh , one box which you have on your desktop , 
D:  cuz that is the primary , uh uh  reason for this testbed . 
D:  So , definitely you have to have web access to download the necessary files . 
D:  So and then furthermore , one more thanks to Claudia . 
D:  He  did a lot  of work 
D:  and I could only pass her some advices and some discussions with her concerning the web pages . 
D:  And now we are , in principle , in the state we have to do it with a project area . 
D:  But they 're also some contributions from you guys requested . 
D:  Um 
D:  and the alumni page , in principle , we have to , 
D:  you know , but it 's primarily my job , I believe , uh , to set up so that it is , uh adjusted really to the people who are worth to be alumnis  
D:  alumnis , 
D:  yeah . 
D:  Is it " alumni "  " alumni " ? 
D:  I 'm  
D:  " Alumni " . 
D:  I 'm not sure how to pronounce this word . 
D:  Huh ? 
D:  And , um  
D:  But , um 
D:  I think everybody should take a look to the web pages , and inform Claudia if something , uh , has to be improved or if there 's some comments 
D:  or 
D:  uh 
D:  He 's laughing all the time . 
D:  Why ? 
D:  Uh because it is  you know , that 's very important 
D:  maybe now not for us 
D:  but maybe for our successors 
D:  and maybe somebody will come back once a day or send some students or some colleagues or whatever . 
D:  So , my point of view  I will doc I will documented everything when I will leave here in the sense that potential successor as a group leader can hook in with these things and that these web pages will be updated every time when it is necessary . 
D:  We tried to do it , so that it must be at least updated only when really major changes happen . 
D:  So that means somebody 's leaving the group , 
D:  uh , somebody is joining the group , 
D:  a new project is started , 
D:  but , uh , the effort should be minimized as possible . 
D:  And , so please take a look to the web pages 
D:  and 
D:  I have announced in the project area the major headlines . 
D:  And especially , Wilbert , maybe you can write something about yours ? 
D:  I call it , I believe , " Multicast " and then " Development deployment " , eh , for  for source specific multicas 
D:  maybe a few lines , 
D:  maybe a picture . 
D:  And something like that should be added to USAIA ? 
D:  OK , that 's my stuff . 
D:  And 
D:  um 
D:  then the next point is then this active routing stuff ? 
D:  Um 
D:  I would like to discuss it before , 
D:  but you were busy . 
D:  And so  
D:  um , 
D:  I believe , it must be adjusted to the current activities a little bit more . 
D:  And , um 
D:  I  I think it doesn't  
D:  It is not worth to discuss it now 
D:  because nobody raised it before . 
D:  And , uh , so l let us have a bilateral discussion afterwards . 
D:  I would  what I would like to have is that um , your contributions is related to certain kind of things happened here . 
D:  And that means really to the project proposal itself and also maybe to the USAIA architecture , 
D:  in that sense , that at certain stages , cuz it 's a general architecture , certain stages maybe to future <inbreath> mobile core networks , that it is related to these kind of things . 
D:  Um , having  uh , I  what I have in mind is that things should not be started from the end system . 
D:  That 's my principle concern , 
D:  because that will never be happen , from my point of view . 
D:  It should be started as the edge device , 
D:  so that it cu certain kind of mechanism , whatever , is enabled between the ingress edge device and the outgress a edge device , 
D:  because it will be at the certain stage IP based in the future generation telecommunication networks before its goal . 
D:  Fuel it to the  over the internet , 
D:  and b between these both boxes , I can assume uh because the mobility happens there as a normal natural thing 
D:  and the forwarding process and the routing process should be no more separated , from my point of view . 
D:  And to have there a certain kind of intelligent mechanism , that the packets can be used to set up the routes because they have all the information . 
D:  They know where they have to go because IP addresses are still there and  within the packet . 
D:  I mean , how can this use , uh , within this area , and how this area is then aligned to the more traditional routing within the internet backbone itself . 
D:  That 's my question . 
D:  And I think that is good a research area , 
D:  then I think there 's a lot of  
D:  I 'm not a e xpert at all for this . 
D:  But I  I  I believe , there 's a lot of potential for that . 
D:  And we should discuss it maybe bilateral afterwards . 
D:  Yeah ? 
D:  So , one more time , everybody should take a look to the web pages 
D:  and from Claudia , at the general remarks 
D:  and should write based on the , uh , headlines in the project proposal the um things what still happened , the things what they have still in mind 
D:  uh  so that we can update these last @ @ you know @ @ present the last major part of the web pages . 
D:  Yes , 
D:  you can now access it normally with maybe WWW ICSI Berkeley EDU , 
D:  and 
D:  so . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  You are definitely right . 
D:  It was in a good shape , but <laugh> it , uh , then we disturbed . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  OK , 
D:  I will send you some because I have something in mind . 
D:  Yeah , but nobody do that , you know . 
D:  So , 
D:  that 's the point . 
D:  We discussed it still a couple of weeks or months ago . 
D:  Uh , the point is normally it is an ICSI task anyway . 
D:  But 
D:  Right . 

D:  Yeah , that is from nineteen ninety - one or nineteen ninety - two , you know . A 
D:  A 
D:  And this is not on the web , 
D:  and the  the  the  
D:  people 
D:  normally  that 's was my  my , uh  
D:  Hmm . 
D:  We can do that . 
D:  Yeah , but the point is that nobody feel responsible for that . 
D:  And if it 's  
D:  Yes , 
D:  Uh , yes , 
D:  I see there your point . 
D:  That 's right . 
D:  But if it is under the networking points , the group leader is responsible to get up to date information . 
D:  I believe , we are the group , where the people are , uh , changing much more faster to join the group and to leave the group as other groups . 
D:  And , so , the most problem as  as of , uh , it 's likely that uh , the people here in this group needs this information um , much more  f uh , often as  as other groups . 
D:  Yes , 
D:  I see th 
D:  Yeah , 
D:  but we  we can do that . 
D:  Yeah , that 's  
D:  yeah , 
D:  that 's a  
D:  We have the  we have the directory structure , of the real UNIX tree . in compliance and in accordance with what you  with the structure of the web pages . 
D:  And , um , that means , uh , <inbreath> the group leader normally do not have access to the general web pages . 
D:  He has access to the N S A pages . 
D:  And , um , 
D:  but I think that 's an administration problem and that everybody agrees that the information <inbreath> page must be on the general , on the highest level . 
D:  OK , 
D:  I have no problem with that . 
D:  But  
D:  but I think we discuss if still  
D:  Yeah . 
D:  You know how it  you know the process here within the NSA group . 
D:  You know 
D:  And  and that was a reason I  we finally decided here that we put it  information on the N S 
D:  A page , we have discuss dis this discussed still a couple of months ago  ago . 
D:  In our directory . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah , we can do that . 
D:  We then create a link and then we have to ask with Jane , 
D:  OK ? 
D:  Of course that is a living thing . 
D:  I think it 's a good idea , 
D:  not only that the workshop was a talk announce because they are still announce it is a broader sense . 
D:  Eh , but I think the idea from Claudia is very good , that the slides from the talks here , if it 's worth to have it on the web , anyway um , should be published in that way that the people can access it . 
D:  For instance I have my USAIA slides . 
D:  maybe if some things and  is going on maybe you have some Multicast slides concerning your work at IGMP 
D:  and uh 
D:  and if we have some talks from EXTERM , and we had some in the past , we can also put the slides on  on these things  
D:  because then they 're still cau still a growing context for us , opportunity for the people you know there , 
D:  " Oh , 
D:  this guy did something there , 
D:  maybe I can contact him and ask him would you like to do something , contribute , whatever . " 
D:  Uh , so 
D:  that 's  and I think it 's a great idea from Claudia to  to have this event page 
D:  because <inbreath> it 's not a big deal , 
D:  you know . 
D:  It 's  it 's  
D:  Yeah , 
D:  and then it 's  
D:  Nah , OK . 
D:  If there are no events , then there are no events . 
D:  But we still have a few which happened in the last year 
D:  and OK , 
D:  then it is a growing thing 
D:  but it 's done automatically that the group leader <inbreath> or the group , uh , put some things eh , also on the web . 
D:  Something in the center pipe . 
D:  Yeah ? 
D:  Everybody agree ? 
D:  Maybe there 's  
D:  Yeah , maybe we can have " updated on " , you know the button itself ? 
D:  And then , " updated " and the current date , when  when something happened . 
D:  I don't know how we deal with that . 
D:  Is it another thing we have to ? 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  OK you 
D:  Well . 
D:  Let 's consider <outbreath> <stretching sound> " update event button " . 
D:  OK . 
D:  So , and then the next point and , I believe , yeah , <page turning> So ,  not the last one , @ @ is one that I would like to know the status as far it is possible from everybody concerning his future intention here at ICSI or whether e when he will leave whether he can contri or will he consider currently , <inbreath> uh , contribute here to the proposal 
D:  because you know , I 've  I 'm facing the problem , if I go back to Siemens 
D:  and I say " OK , 
D:  there 's a potential . " 
D:  " There are potential contacts . " 
D:  currently , maybe no money , 
D:  but if we go in one direction <inbreath> it   it is worth to know if people can still go on in that area of that kind of work then they are back in their university or their company or whatever . 
D:  and even if it 's nur unschl part - time jobs and  and if it 's come to a real proposal , that maybe the people can hook in , uh , one more time 
D:  because I need this information definitely t uh , to inform the uh , the Siemens management that it 's worth to send me back here . 
D:  So maybe Wilbert you can start . 
D:  You will leave end of January definitely . 
D:  And currently you see no chance , as far as I know , uh , to stay longer here 
D:  and either you will go back to KPN or you will stay here and find then a job opportunity another company , 
D:  is that right ? 
D:  Can you give us more details of  concerning the status ? 
D:  No ? 
D:  Pending . 
D:  Yes , 
D:  but you have no  
D:  yeah ? 
D:  So you are looking for a job . 
D:  That 's probably then  OK . 
D:  in principle , I would like to say you are lost for the NSA group , 
D:  because ffft  that 's uh , it would be a  a wonder if , uh , it hook in at the same area , you know . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  I think so , yeah . 
D:  Ja 
D:  from the work contributions , you know . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Uh , do you know whether they have  
D:  Um , so from your side the statement is , um , that , uh , independently of your person uh , the KPN is not  they 're not willing to send us another guy here to ICSI anyway . 
D:  And , if they are interested in uh , a certain kind of project then it must be related to a certain kind of really service or a certain kind of end system or real product or whatever kind of thing <inbreath> with respect to UMTS , 
D:  right ? 
D:  Mmm . 
D:  So , 
D:  KPN and  and ICSI in principle . 
D:  After you will leave here that is . 
D:  Yeah , and then  what do you intend to do in the last two months beside of course , looking for , 
D:  yeah . 
D:  This is that from from Mark , right ? 
D:  Not ? 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Yeah , do you finish that and do you believe that you can finish that until end of January ? 
D:  It sounded  sounded to me a little bit  little bit ,  hard t hard  hard time constraint , right ? 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  OK , 
D:  Mi - Miguel , maybe you can say also . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Mm - hmm , 
D:  and , uh , do you have some students which could be join if there is  
D:  I assume there is a certain activity . 
D:  Maybe i if you will leave in July 
D:  What ? 
D:  They are not  
D:  sorry ? 
D:  They are not involved in  in research ? 
D:  What they are doing then ? 
D:  I 'm sorry . 
D:  Huh ? 
D:  Ach so , ach so , 
D:  OK . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Why I didn't study in Spain ? 
D:  Mmm . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Are certain tasks 
D:  and so ? 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Hmm ? No , 
D:  there . 
D:  We 're not talking about to send the students here to I C 
D:  S I . I 'm talking if there is an activity , at least with the NSA group , that certain kind of activities also in the university could apply for the master works , of diplomas thesis ,  uh , whatever kind of thing that  
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Thank you . 
D:  Claudia , I still mentioned , Have you other things ? 
D:  For me , as I said before I will be funded by a d uh by the ministry of , uh , the German government for research in the project so - called Invinet 
D:  That seems to be sure . 
D:  And I got absolutely freedom to do what I would like to do , 
D:  and I would like to go on with the QS in advance mechanism 
D:  and , uh , 
D:  in the relation of USAIA I also have the <inbreath> activities with Georgia Tech . 
D:  They have now a PHD . 
D:  It is settled , 
D:  and my other next , uh , generation of contract is also going in that sense so the topic is still going  go going on . 
D:  and when I will come back here , I would like to use these things too to maybe come to a <inbreath> closer , a bigger project um , outside of this goal , with contributions here from , uh  first of all from the NSA group and then from  from other partners . 
D:  But this I have definitely ou uh discussed with my management 
D:  and  this will happened , I believe , in December , 
D:  maybe , and in the beginning of January . 
D:  and I will keep informed to the management of ICSI anyway , 
D:  but also , I assume that my suggestions that we have a weekly phone conference and email exchange  during that time 
D:  so that we can inform each other <inbreath> concerning what are the questions , what are the problems , what is the status and so on . 
D:  Uh ? 
D:  But I think we will uh detail these things then in one of the last meetings . 
D:  So 
D:  how is your status and  and your ideas and your plans and your future and  
D:  You 're addicted to the testbeds you run on the hour , 
D:  so that 's  
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  OK , 
D:  sounded good to me . 
D:  And Michael ? 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Yeah , then , what is the current status anyway ? 
D:  this is . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Now as I see , in principle , uh fff  that 's a really raw view . 
D:  MPLS offers certain kind of success of active routing , 
D:  because in principle , the forwarding pass is a little bit decoupled from this  from the routing pass , 
D:  and this was , in principle  
D:  OK , 
D:  it 's  it 's not really the subject 
D:  but in a broader sense it could be seen in that sense . 
D:  I think uh , there are in a certain degree some alignment with  with both of you guys , 
D:  right ? 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah , 
D:  maybe it 's a separation , in principle , that I do not use the normal traditional , <inbreath> uh , data forwarding pass <inbreath> and update , in principle , only the routing information uh , to  to  to use it . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  Yeah , 
D:  so what I mean is at a certain degree , yeah , that has to be figured out . 
D:  There is , uh , there are some linkage between them . @ @ in both of your  your work . 
D:  So , 
D:  my last point , uh , in principle , is the proposal itself . 
D:  Um 
D:  I know , in the past it was always if I 'm not writing something nothing gonna happen . 
D:  So , I believe , Wilbert , you are going out of these activity . 
D:  You have to use your time to finish your work as you uh , have in mind until your end of February , 
D:  or is that right ? 
D:  End of January , 
D:  sorry , 
D:  so you will not  y you will not find any time to contribute anymore to this activity . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Then from Miguel 's side I expect more detailed vision . 
D:  We can do it , as I mentioned before , bilateral afterwards , <inbreath> uh , concerning your work and how you think it could be beneficial contribution to the activity maybe based on the generic uh , uh , USAIA architecture . 
D:  I will write as long as I have time here , uh , on the proposal itself 
D:  and in the near - term future , I will distribute a list of the small cluster of people . 
D:  I tried to access Juan Peire several times , 
D:  he didn't answer , because he still had mentioned that there 's some minor funding , that I think would help , 
D:  for instance , to have initial meeting either here or in Europe or  or wherever . 
D:  I 've , uh , contact one more time the professor , 
D:  what is his name ? 
D:  Rao ? 
D:  or  ? 
D:  uh , L Landay mentioned , uh , 
D:  Rao , right ? 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  because he 's a professor in  uh , responsible for the infrastructure at UCB and he has some projects which are related to <inbreath> um , these  these , uh , activities 
D:  I would c c name it cor intelligent classroom . 
D:  I don't know whether I can succeed to get an appointment then 
D:  but I will distribute a list  contact list and @ @ the interests of each partner 
D:  so that everybody can see <inbreath> and everybody knows , yeah , I have in mind 
D:  maybe it 's a small NSA group activity itself , with no linkage to the outer world 
D:  maybe it 's a NSA group activity with a linkage to the outer world based on the uh universities at home or the companies at home 
D:  there 's some linkage 
D:  and the third stage is , let 's say there 's a NSA group activity in this area , <inbreath> uh , with the supported , um , home entities and with certain kind of linkage here to the companies or u or universities here in this area . 
D:  The last one , I think it 's , uh , the best one . 
D:  But , you see the question is always " Where 's the money ? " 
D:  and I say " Oh poo , 
D:  currently I don't know . " 
D:  The second question is how long I stay here 
D:  and say ooo ,   I don't know " , 
D:  so 
D:  everybody 's waiting . 
D:  Yeah , 
D:  and the only rea um , activity could come from the NSA group itself , 
D:  but I think it 's a  a work in process and that it will take some time and , uh , <inbreath> everything must be just settled a little bit more . 
D:  So , but anyway , I would like to get contributions from the people here of the NSA group concerning proposals , 
D:  this is a living thing 
D:  and 
D:  it 's a pity that Multicast is , in principle , removed 
D:  and we do not have any expert from Multicast anymore . 
D:  And , uh , that 's makes very hard , I believe . 
D:  Because that is a major @ @ , at least twenty - five percent of the whole network uh , stuff 
D:  and , um , 
D:  but neverless we have to live with this situation . 
D:  Right . 
D:  You are laughing , again ? 
D:  So maybe we have to <makes noise> rewrite something , 
D:  have new ideas going forward more in certain kind of really telecommunication network and the routing and QS stuff , 
D:  and remove , in principle , the Multicast stuff 
D:  which , in principle , a pity because I think that 's a really really good eh  uh  mmm source of research work for the future telecommunication core networks 
D:  because they are still not able to deal with Multicast , 
D:  they still have there that tunnel generations and all those kind of things 
D:  and I  I believe that would be very beneficial to use it for the really  uh , mobile scenarios in  in that network , 
D:  so  but anyway we have to live with a real situation 
D:  and that means we have to drop Multicast from the proposal . 
D:  Any comments ? 
D:  Then we can extend the proposal one more time with Multicast . 
D:  Oh , maybe you understand me in the wrong way . 
D:  Uh , 
D:  I do not mean to drop it , to remove the text from the proposal . 
D:  I mean , activities , planning activities . 
D:  Work packages . 
D:  Yeah , 
D:  so 
D:  no , no , 
D:  because that 's , uh , that 's why I mentioned that it is important thing . 
D:  But , currently there 's only one new group member , Sven Buchholz , who will figure out the thing , hmm how to say , um , the taking into account the end system , or the limited end system capabilities with respect to mobility and the network itself . 
D:  Where it should be ada @ @  where should be , uh , the adaptation process performed <inbreath> to deal with the different devices , for ubiquitous access to the network ? 
D:  Should it be in the end system itself ? 
D:  Should be in the edge device ? 
D:  It should it be in the core ? 
D:  should it be on the server ? 
D:  These are the questions he would like to figure out . 
D:  And to p uh , to have , in principle , the pro and cons <microphone sound> of , uh , different  of all these different approaches . 
D:  So that 's the only new member . 
D:  Sven Buchholz . 
D:  He was here . 
D:  I invited him and discussed with him his potential work , I @ @ . 
D:  quite sure 
D:  Yeah . 
D:  But he showed up the  next day 
D:  but only for administration stuff , 
D:  but for the technical discussion he was here one day . 
D:  I I 'm do not remember whether  w whether you were  
D:  Mm - hmm . 
D:  Yeah , he will come mid of January , I believe , 
D:  yeah , 
D:  as far as I know . 
D:  So , but this is the only guy , you know , 
D:  but that is not reflected in that sense that we remove the text . 
D:  what I mean is  is , uh , the  that we  what 's kind of activity we are going more in detail in describing , the network packages and  and detailed , uh , uh , descriptions  more detailed descriptions . 
D:  So 
D:  Any other question ? 
D:  Any other comment ? 
D:  Oh . 
D:  Then we pu should start with reading the numbers 
D:  one more time . 
D:  Yes , 
D:  we  have to do it , 
D:  so that means we have to read the transcript script number and then the numbers , 
D:  and if there 's a new line , a short break . 
D:  And , afterwards we have to , 
D:  uh , that device is switched on , 
D:  so please do not switch off the devices . 
D:  And I will call Herr Janin and that  Adam @ @ . 
D:  So I will start . 
D:  one  OK , 
D:  Oh . Yeah , yeah . Fine . 
D:  He 's laughing all the time . 
D:  OK , Michael please . 
D:  OK . 
D:  Thank you . 
D:  OK , 
D:  then I will call Adam . 
D:  Adam ? 
