(A) Can you guys hear me?
(B) (<another language>) 
Yes, I can hear someone. 
(A) It is Sangeet. 
(B) Oh, hi Sangeet so, yeah.
(A) Hi, hi, hi. 
(B) 1, 2, 3, 4 there was the pin, but it's also your net (??).
(A) <laugh> okay, I'll fix that (??). 
(B) That's okay, I like it, it's fine. 
(A) Okay it's fine, okay.
(B) The recording has already started, as I see.
(A) Okay, okay.
(B) And I see Peter is on the call as well.
(A) Uhm, okay, okay, okay.
(B) So but I don't know (??).
(C) I can hear you guys properly, but lower clear, but -
(B) Yeah, Peter is guess I don't know what (??) 
(<another language>)
(C) He should be there. 
(B) Was he.
(??) in second. 
So hear you and see me right?
(C) Yeah, I cannot see you, but I can hear you.
(B) So the connection is too slow perhaps because I 'm probably -
Or maybe I'm not sharing the camera.
(C) Yeah, do we do we need to share camera as well? 
(B) No, no.
(C) Okay, okay, okay.
<other_noise>
(B) (??) in second (??)colleagues.
<other_noise>
So I am already connected with Sangeet. 
(A) Yeah
(B) I'll switch off the camera just to save bandwidth, camera off.
And there is - 
Okay, so there is also Vojtěch.
(<another language>)
Does it work?
(<another language>)
(B) So the we should be muting ourselves, when we are not talking.
(A) Okay, okay.
(B) Sangeet, you can mute yourself, while you are not talking.
Yes, okay.
And I would feel like to hear from Peter if he is on the call.
Because I see him connected, but I don't see him there. 
And I don't hear him.
Hm, well, maybe not there, never mind.
Lets - okay, lets get started anyway. 
And this call is being recorded because I'm also collecting various meetings.
So I hope that all okay with thatben recorded and and actually we would like to release this publicly, but with some delay of like this is a so that is not no longer interesting.
And there is a good point, we will send you a link to google form, where you will fill in, that you agree, what this to be usd ad there you can specify the limit, what would you would like this- which you require to be, em, to be followed before the data is released.
Okay, so, thanks a lot for coming. 
You all know this document, the surge 2020 organization. 
This is just the envelope.
The more important document is the ELITR Monday (??) topics.
And another document, which is now becoming very important, will be this google sheet, with all the things, that that you have done.
And the the point of these meetings, and I would really like to have every week.
Next wek i should be on Thursday and then until the end of exam period it would be Thursdays and then we will vote all again, what is the best day.
The purpose of these meetings is for everybody to say, what they are working on, and what they have in mind for the upcoming weeks,
and the reason is for me to collect these credits.
This is important.
So whatever you don't sell to me or not getting any bonus for.
Remember that.
And also, we must synchronize ourselves because no there more people doing the same thing.
So for example now, Vojtěch, are you on the call?
Can you confirm that you can hear us?
(D) Well, I am on the call, but I have a lot of problem understanding you so.
(B) Yes, I'm talking too fast I guess and the microphone is not perfect.
Yeah.
So the point of the ll is to make sure, that people know, what others are doing, and they nicely, well like a collaborate, in the sense that no work is done twice. 
And no data is is downloaded twice and so on.
So we have now, also Daniel here, he is going to -
(E) Bring a chair.
(B) Yes, to bring a chair.
And so the - 
So, the -
So right now, I would like everybody to go like one by one and summarize in a minute or 2, 
what you have been working on previous week.
And everybody should very carefully listen to this and see any possible synergy.
So I've asked a number of people for now to download the EUROSAI database data.
This has to be downloaded only once obviously and has to be convert to plain text only once.
So so who- whoever does that,  please let everybody else, know. 
And this a- and it's similar. 
So after we do this summary of activities, there are being worked on, or finalized,hen we can spend the rest of the the half hour for planning, what is the most important next thing and who would like to pick up for.
But there is also less importance. 
More important is to avoid duplicating our work. 
Yeah, so, well, I I'm not working on anything specific myself. 
I'm just starting. 
I'm just telling people what to do. 
So I think that I should not - 
Well, I can give you very brief, thin, brief summary. 
So  there is the again, university open day, next Wednesday for which we are doing domin adaptation and then there will be on the 12th of February a dry run of the workshop,  that we are going to give for the EUROSAI congress.
So that is two and half hours of hands on experience with natural language processing tools. 
5 colleagues at least from ÚFAL, going to the Supreme Audit Office offices and presenting these NLP technologies.
And we would do again like this subtitled. 
It will be held in English. 
The domain of competition fix, the various tools. 
So  that will be the next event, for which we should like try the domain adaptation surge again. 
So  this is important for you Vojtěch.
In the sense - 
so, so after Martin's talk, the next occasion to test things is the- is this English given presentations of the tools.
If we don't manage to adapt our systems, that's not too important. 
We will be recording the session anyway. 
There will be one more of session, and then there will be one more dry run. 
And there will be the final session on on the Congress, or at the Congress.
So for the February of 12th, we can live with current models. 
But if we have something adapted for (??) linguistic domain, then even better. 
So this is my summary.
Then quickly in the the semester, the Monday seminars will start again.
And we could again use it.
Which of that domain adaptation practice.
Yeah, so, that's from me.
So I don't know, maybe we should just follow in a circle. 
So t- the important thing is, whether the people remotely present, can confirm, that they've understood at least something.
(A) Yes, so, I can confirm, that I've understood everything, what Ondrej said and I write them.
And if you guys want,
I can say, what I have been doing like since a week.
(B) Okay, Yes.
(A) Or what I plan to do next week. 
Okay, So, last week, I started do transcribing the YouTube videos.
That was shared by Daniel. 
So the English transcriptions are done. 
And the Czech I I'll do like today, or I'll start it tomorrow. 
The next thing, that I spent last week, like the weekends preparing transcript for the Monday seminar.
And also into getting the Peter's ASR, followed by segmenter. 
And I also did a voice domain adaptation and (??) domain adaptation and talk adaptation and speaking of the words.
Speaking of the words and the common words and substituting them in the dictionary.
But I realized, this for one them properly because I- because it was ultimately lock (??) to recognise.
So I feel needed to maping was not then properly. 
So this is something, I need to recollect again.
And try it to work next time. 
The next thing, I did, there was preparation of the English English segmenter.
And the next task, which I need to focus on is the because I observed some terrible  (??) scores on one form, which is the period. 
So I need to focus more on sentence, boundary detection on both English and Czech segmenter. 
Things I need to do, is in-coming days, integrate Sunit's audio compression on these YouTube videos.
And progress more on the University of Edinburgh 36 36 empty models and doc translation, and basically like (??) that Atul.
so that the work is not duplicated again, as more on their size.
And, yeah, and spend more time on integrate of (??) office (??) and text additions from Dominik.
So that's it from me.
(B) Yeah.
So could you clarified I misheard something about the models.
So what what is your plan with the English 36 models?
What exactly do (??) ?
(A) So, exactly like I I I lost some I do not do that. 
There was not documentation. 
I've been hope you don't go, that's hard to use the model. 
So he sent me some instructions and I've been to follow that. 
Yeah, so,(??) I´m going to be in touch with Atul.
So that the work is not duplicated. 
(B) Yeah, I see.
Okay, so, your goal is to get Edinburgh models used in our pipelines.
(A) Yeah
(B) Yeah, okay. 
And there is one more person to synchronize on what the launching of these models
and that's Matúš Žilinec.
(A) Okay, so, I (??). 
(B) Matúš successfully managed to run these models, and he is developing. 
He is using the models for the paraphrasing.
(A) Aha, okay. 
So he is successful (??). 
I should pick up his hand to give them on maybe one mediator.
(B) Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Atul, or Matúš or perhaps Dominik.
(A) Yeah. 
(B) Okay, thank you.
(A) Thank you, okay.
<other_cough>
(B) So  now we can move to Dominik.
Are you?
(F) Yeah.
So I've already -
My work include this document.
So recently, I downloaded some new corpora of interpret spoken language. 
So it's a EPIC European Parliament interpretation corpus and must see Europarl-ST. 
These are corpora created by us. 
And I'm trying to do your part, and I'm downloading all of plenary session from your parliament since July 2018.
And 1.7 terabytes of audios, videos interpreting in 22 languages.
And it's a lots of work to process them.
These chunk to individual speeches, and so so I am not doing any further work from this.
And I I was mailing  with your webmasters, cause they were complaining, that I used there website too much.
(B) <laugh>
(F) And they suggested, that they they implement a feature for mass mass downloading.
And I I asked them to to enable to create such corpora, together with with transcriptions and interpretations
and I don't have any -
(B) (??) response.
(F) Any response yet so.
So I don't feel I even this, but will be (??).
My main project, until 6th of March is it's is multi-source spoken language translation research.
And I bring it for English and German into Czech.
(B) Yeah, so.
(F) So I'm starting.
(B) Yeah, so, this meetings are especially for the EUROSAI event.
(F) Yeah.
(B) So ht you have described, can very much help that because all the data that you have gathered, would be used to retrain the ASR models.
So, that's an important thing.
So that people, we don't have Jonáš and unsure if
Peter, are you on the call or not?
(G) Yeah, I somehow managed to get here, but I have some problems with with hear to hear you.
I do not know why because -
(B) Yes.
(G) But now, now it's okay.
Now it's okay.
(B) Yes, so, it depends where I am if I 'm on the correct side of the microphone, or not perhaps, as well.
So so the the data that Dominik mentioned, these can be used for all the models, that we are training ourselves.
And which also like talk to others, Karlsruhe to train their models better.
So we need to somehow include them in the surge.
So that they also improve -
They have at least too (??) of the model, until the congress.
So that we would perform better.
But Dominik's main goal until the Feb 6th deadline is to experiment with multiple <other_noise> translation.
And if this is sucssful, if we see an improvement from the additional sources, then this is something, which we would directly use in the surge afterwards.
And there will be a requirement for Sangeet to have the pipelines ready.
So that -
We have process multi-source and create English by integrating the many sources.
So this is until this until this until we shows some us- some utility,
we do not consider it a requirement, or we are not planning to to run multi-source translation at the event.
But if it is if it works, then then it would be great contribution.
Okay, thank you.
(F) My last part is that I started to do the binding worker for automatic speech recognition and mediator.
So we can connect JASPER and and Kaldi to mediator.
So we won't need to connect them separately as as well.
(B) Okay <other_noise>.
(F) <other_noise> to this.
(H) So I've already collaborated with Sangeet for the compression thing.
(B) Okay.
(H) And this week, I was working on the Marian thing.
(B) So is it - ?
If we tested (??) ?
(H) I- I don't know the efficiency.
The Sangeet is not given me any updates of that like the efficiency of that.
So I except that I was working on the like the Marian thing, trying to clear on with it.
And this waiting for the data.
As you said from Matúš.
(B) <other_speech unrecognisable>
So what the what the compression?
So Sangeet, can you tell us, h- how -
If you manage to test the compression, that hopefully was somehow proposed by Sunit.
And- and do you manage to test it?
What -
How much <other_speech unrecognisable> ?
(A) So Sangeet has differently updated me the (??) the compression, and but I am -
I was unable -
I didn't find time to deal it with the current- my current pipeline.
Because I was s- I spent like last weekend on preparing for the Monday seminar.
And audio compression was not on me  focus for the Monday.
So probably, maybe I coming 1, 2 days, that should be integrated.
And I'll be sharing our statistics and how much laws are we able to do -
(B) Great.
(A) Come up with (??) compression.
(B) So another option would be to tell Sunit, how to run it.
So that Sangeet could connect to the mediator and test it test it himself.
So if that would be easier for you,
instead of evaluating it for Sunit to update a review that works for some of the setups
Sunit Sunit would check out the crews control, do the set up from his laptop and connect  his laptop, with his laptop connected to wired connection and evaluating the the ASR quality with compression, or without compression.
That's another option.
(A) I completely agree with you.
So what I am going to do next, is that we can take a- any of the Monday seminar revised transcript
and we can to take that as a test set,
and we can do as uncompressed and check the word error rate,
and  we can do a compressed pipeline and again check the word error rate
and let's see, how it goes, so here we got some propose.
(B) Yeah.
But what what I'm proposing is, that not you, but Sunit would do this.
(A) Yeah, exactly, Sunit Sunit exactly, yeah.
So I I 'm going to instruct all these to Sunit, yeah.
(B) Yeah, so that Sunit runs this.
And I would like to see the evaluation in two ways.
One without mediator being involved, if that is possible.
That is -
(A) Okay, okay.
(B) That is not possible for the -
No, no, no it is not possible for Sunit to do because he -
(A) Yeah, exactly (??) yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
(B) (??) systems.
So so we could do it via the mediator.
And that is more important.
(A) Yeah, yeah.
(B) So start with this this one only.
Okay?
(A) Okay.
(B) A thing, that Sunit was talking about -
(H) (??) to collaborate with Dominik and what we did.
(B) Yeah.
Yeah, but that's for the other purpose.
It's not for not for the EUROSAI Congress.
(H) Yeah.
(B) Okay, so it's there anything in your plans from the surge,
like what is going to directly help the EUROSAI Congress?
(H) As of know I'll be ready to interest like  for example, the compression
because the bandwidth is, an issue there.
So for example, if the compression is not really effecting  the ASR output that that should be a really good thing.
And I think (??).
(B) I meant in the in the document of Monday test, there is a list of wanted things.
(H) Yes, yes.
(B) So if you don't have any any immediate thing to try, then have a look
and tell me, which which topic you would like to work  on.
(H) <laugh> sure.
(B) Okay, thank you.
Yeah.
(I) Okay, so now, I'm working on the framework or for example test set for evaluation of simultaneous translation.
Where can we have audio file and we want to translate it to s- to the target language.
And I wanted to propose some ideas.
Some of them are novel, some of them- not because they are were represented before.
For calculating the delay, BLEU score and (??), all of them.
I know, into the end yesterday, maybe no one account working on because we had a problem of segmentation.
As you know, for example the segmentation in the difference part, could should shouldn't necessary -
Is the same as the segmentation.
But empty my sheet, empty output prepared.
So I we had a problem of segmentation, when we wanted to calculate delay.
So I decided from yesterday to do to to propose a new idea.
Because using there MWAR segmenter.
We can segment both of them, but the problem is, when we want to calculate delay.
Sometimes we have some words are repeated more than once and it could make some problem.
So now, in our tool set, I want to report who define delay.
One segmenter based on time, exactly on the time, when they set us.
And I report this delay.
And also the delay based on the MWAR segmenter.
So now, I want to propose both se- both of them and so maybe (??).
(B) <other_unrecognisable speech>
So let me comment on this.
So this this worrying that Ebrahim is doing, is generally preparations for the SLT shared task.
So that we have a reliable tool to evaluate submissions in the shared task.
And the shared task, that we are running at IWSLT is directly aimed to help ELITR in the EUROSAI Congress.
So the domain will include -
The data set will include our domain and and all that.
But I would like to somehow even further, or be on this IWSLT shared task.
The evaluation script of Ebrahim to be used in this surge, in this in this gradual improvement of our systems.
So this is something for Sangeet.
I would like Ebrahim and Sangeet to get directly in in contact.
And Sangeet to provide Ebrahim with some output files as transcribed <other_unrecognisable speech>
And the reference transcripts, so that you can test the tool.
It will be like testing both.
It will be testing the performance of our base-line system and measuring (??).
and it will be testing your tool, whether it evaluates the the files correctly.
So so the- there is like three people, that will work together very closely.
That, one is Sangeet, who has the access to the pipelines.
And Daniel Suchý, who will know everything about the data.
And Ebrahim, who knows everything about the evaluation.
And I would like regularly to have like measurements of the ASR, end-to-end, quality, delay, and flicker.
In the- on the systems, that are integrated (??).
So that is that is the immediate help,
that that your work will will provide to the to the EUROSAI Congress.
(I) Okay, it will be -
(B) Yeah, so Sangeet is Sangeet is in India until end of January, he's arriving in early February.
So it's not going to help us with the- with submission and prepare afterwards.
(I) Yes.
(B) And it would be great, if you could set up -
(I) Exactly.
(B) A regular evaluation of our pipelines.
(I) Just we have some intermediate data to test our framework, and it's our papers, so we have it before that.
Yes, it's good because after submission I can have a- (??) which can I have a meeting with Sangeet, and we can test everything (??) so.
(B) Yeah, okay.
Thank you.
(I) Thank you very much.
(A) Can Ebrahim and all of (??)?
Yeah, okay, thank you.
(B) Yeah, so the next one is Atul.
(K) <laugh> in the la -
In this weekend, last week, I worked on data collection to find the data,
where is labeled of (??) for send for 42 languages especially for monolingual languages.
So I have I have already shared with with Ondrej and Daniel and Sunit to (??).
There is a -
A link is already available.
In the one link is (??) in the one link 22 languages data available.
It's like a monolingual.
We can see monolingual,
but <other_unrecognisable speech>.
(B) Okay.
<other_unrecognisable speech>
So neither  do I (??).
<laugh> I just -
Okay.
(K) It' a (??) the name of this (??).
Okay.
I'm just (scared) now, where is the link?
 Okay.
 It's a (??).
Sorry.
European (??) of auditors web site (??).
42 languages, 42 European languages.
(B) You know something about some excel, that you sent to us?
(K) Yes.
(B) Or, what what is that?
Can you - ?
<other_unrecognisable speech>
<other_noise>
(K) <other_unrecognisable speech>
So maybe, maybe it's (??) anyone so we can edit.
(??) edited.
And then copy and send it by plain mail because I also didn't receive that.
That so google is not sharing the properly -
(K) Okay, so I'm hoping (??).
(??).
(B) What?
(K) <other_unrecognisable speech>
<other_noise>
So, okay.
(B) Yes so so you are scanning the websites.
(K) Yes.
(B) (??).
And maybe others list it in the Google sheet.
(K) Yes.
I have also searched the parallel data that I ignored the (??) because most of the data is available (??) of the other six languages.
And (??) we requirement it EUROSAI Congress.
And we had 7 languages so -
(B) The Italian is not -
(K) Yeah, Italian is not included, so I exclude Italian.
So German, French, Spanish, English, Czech.
And so it is already mentioned, but we need to download all the PDF documents.
(B) Yeah.
On this -
So now Vojtěch, can you hear us?
Vojtěch, can you hear us?
(D) Yes, I can.
(B) Yeah, so I think, now it is very important,
that you and Atul will synchnize on the thing tools because both's you and Atul need to convert all the many file formats, especially PDFs, that are hard to process (??).
And you both have some tools for that and you also, both of you need to convert it to corpus styles.
So one sentence per line.
And if it's parallel text, then -
That's that is not for you Vojtěch, but that would be for Atul to aline in that (??) more sentences and so on.
But getting from random file formats to the sentence oriented plain text, is something which both of you have to do.
And it would be a big pitty, if you did it twice.
So please, be in touch.
You needs it differently, like the way Vojěch needs it is for smaller sets of files
and more or less interactively.
The way Atul needs it is is to have it parallelizable on the on the cluster.
So that you can process a huge collections of files.
So the this setup is slightly different.
But still, the underlying tools would be would be the same.
So please, stay in close touch.
So you use both (??) Tokenizer (??).
Vojtěch and I don't know, what Atul use -
(K) I use (??) for this (??).
For PDF text convertor (??).
(B)Yeah, I don't I don't -
So so yes, so simply -
(K) I've been- I have already sent two PDF files -
(B) Uhm.
(K) to you and -
(B) Yeah.
(K) Everyone.
(B) Yeah, so lets work a little bit of evaluation.
Which of the tools is is easy to use and produces good results?
So Vojtěch, please be in touch with Atul and make sure, that you both use the best tool.
(K) <laugh>
Yeah because the most of the tool like G- or for German, (??) is working fine.
(B) Uhm.
(K) And work the for (??) gives really bad (??).
(B) Yeah, okay, so It could be language dependent.
(K) Yeah, language dependent.
So I think we can use different tool like every word is a word (??) can works PDF to text format.
(B) Yeah, Yeah.
And all these are Linux based.
(K) Yes -
(B) All they can be run -
(K) And anyone -
(B) Yeah, yeah, okay, that's good.
So Vojtěch, please, confirm again, that the voice was good, that you understood us.
(D) Well, I understood only a part of thing,
but I will get in touch with Atul and whatever is needed.
(B) Yeah.
Yeah, it's it's not only needed, it is it's that what Atul knows, can help you with your bachelor thesis.
You should benefit from that experience as well.
So it's- it it's mutual- mutually beneficial.
(D) <laugh>
(B) Okay, thank you.
And now we have Daniel Suchý here.
(E) Yeah.
So my job's to to have an overview of all the data, we use for for the EUROSAI Congress.
To integrate it and to create test sets, test sets using them.
So so you've anyone had some some data source.
(??) I have list the whole that all things and I will- I have do a store on the cluster.
So basically, I've I've done (??) part cluster overview.
All this- all this things, that we use as a source of data.
And I also worked with with people, which do do the manual work, or for example creating transcription, translations, or the stuff.
So I am reworking with them giving them tasks to do and (??) them, hiring them.
It's cool.
(B) Yeah.
Not in this thing yet, but later, when -
So so right now Daniel is mainly working on the IWSLT test set,
or test set  and (??) that we have to released.
And these IWSLT, that's spoken language translation from English into two languages of our interest only.
So only into Czech and German.
And beyond that, Daniel will be als upervising and knowing, where the pits are for the old language pairs and translation directions, that we want for the EUROSAI Congress.
And one's this test set is stabilized.
We would really like to to run the regular evaluation.
So that's, what I was telling earlier,
that Sangeet should regularly process the test sets with pipelines and use the evaluation tool by E- Ebrahim.
And these numbers should be then like a picked up, or collected by Daniel.
So that we can know, that all these numbers are comparable in some way.
So by this -
It -
So Daniel should be collecting, not only the numbers, but the actual outputs of the system.
And doing sanity check of of of the (??) as well.
So maybe, it would be Daniel, who'll be running the the tool by Ebrahim.
In the end.
Ok.
So we have also Peter on the call.
So Peter, if you can report work briefly.
(G) Yeah, hi, <other_throat clearing>
I've done I've done the forced alignment.
It's the- on the- it's in the repository, in the cruise control, on the -
(<another language>) in the in the folder CUNI Jasper ASR.
So there's a demo and and some README, which you can check and you can run my ASR.
And you can run the forced alignment.
And there is- there is also information about- where the - where the actual installation  in the cluster, because you have- you have to use custom environment, Python environment and Pytorch environment to run my models.
So you can do it only in cluster.
And now, I 'm working on on onlinezation omy ASR, because as as you may know, I have problems with with transcribing, the running window, which cuts the words in the middle
and then the then the language model does strange things, to to the all words in the whole trans- transcription.
So that's, what I'm currently working on.
(B) Yeah, okay, thank you.
So do we have anyone else on the call?
<laugh>
Doesn't seem so.
So well, time's up.
We were we were 5 minutes -
(??) (??) working- I working back translation.
(B) Uhm.
(??) (??) so we are (running) same -
We are going to plan and we are going to implement a back translation in the next week.
(B) Yeah.
(??) So after collecting a data, or before, we can run that and -
Before, like- okay.
We are working on English to Czech languages (??).
(B) So well, back trans -
There is multiple occasions, on which we can we can use these systems.
The first occasion, for which we could try, is the talk by Martin on Wednesday already.
And then we actually need to find tune systems to be deployed by Wednesday.
I am not sure, if this is feasible, or not.
Even if it's not feasible, to to deploy it by Wednesday,
we need to gather these better models, where the weeks for all the languages.
So ASR all ASR languages to- to the English.
So all the 6, or 7 ASR languages to the English and then from English into all the target languages.
So for that, you need good pipeline.
So that every week, you will have a new model adapted to this.
So I think, it's to use the the Wednesday opportunity to have better Marian systems as as a good thing.
So but there -
Well, I'm telling bet- I'm telling b- saying better Marian systems.
(??) To English?
(B) Czech to English.
(??) Do I fix it?
(B) So what is the current status of  Czech to English?
(??) (??) one plan for (??) was the (??) current of the (??).
(B) Uhm.
(??) And I implement it way, how to improve it into the the missing characters.
(B) Uhm.
(??) I can reshare this in one day to be f- well, fix the missing characters and improves BLEU by one point.
 One decimal point.
(B)  One decimal point.
So so right now, in the pipeline we use Czech to English by Martin Popel.
Now.
(??) We can can use both.
(B) Yeah, so which did we- which one did we use a last week for, or - ?
(??) No, maybe it was Edinburgh.
(B) Yeah.
<laugh>
So this is something very important.
We need to know what we are using.
And we need to know, which one of them is is the best.
So there is an important evaluation request.
Sangeet, could you evaluate on Martin's recorded talk?
Which on the -
Well, we don't have -
That's it.
We have only  the transcript we don't have the translation.
What data set can we use for Czech to English?
(A) We can translate like (??).
(B) <other_noise> <laugh>.
Bad.
(A) <laugh>
(B) So well, I think, that simply obtain that.
Lets lets do it, lets do just -
(A) Or (??) just thing convert to (??) systems.
(B) Yeah, exactly.
So please, Sangeet, in preparation for Wednesday, please, process  Martin's dry run of the talk.
Would all be Czech to English.
Setups, that you can use, in the pipeline, that are already integrated.
On Monday, we'll interest in in like models, that do text translation,
we will interested in, what is integrated in our speech processing pipeline.
And please, send as the outputs, or put it to the -
(A) (??).
(B) Popel's folder.
So that will be, that will be -
Get in touch with Dominik.
So that you know, which model is is which.
It will be the transformer by Martin Popel, it will be the Marian by Dominik.
It could be Marian by Dominik with the missing letters in it.
(A) <other_unrecognisable speech>.
(B) Yeah, if if if Dominik fixes it.
And it could -
(A) <other_unclear speech>.
(B) Yeah.
And it could be and that from my point of view from my point of the of the more important.
It could be Marian by Dominik, finetuned on the parallel data, that we will create by back translation,
or maybe we find other parallel data in the domain of competition linguistics.
So I think, that on for example for example on Monday,
Sangeet, you could evaluate the existing systems
and well, I evaluate, I mean, you run them and have the outputs.
We do not have the reference translation.
And on Tuesday, Dominik could <other_noise> fine tune the system.
And on Wednesday morning, we will decide, whether to d -
which one to deploy for for the event.
Right?
(A) It's okay.
(F) Okay.
(B) But lets lets give it a try <laugh>.
(A) Sure, sure, sure.
So one question, do we have some own data on Martin's talk?
That we think of (??).
(B) We have a source audio, that's the one, that that's Jonáš -
It's it's -
I can say you'd path, but I think you you must have the path.
It's the recording, that I have done with Martin recently.
There is in the domain adaptation 2020 January 29,
Martin Popel <other_noise> there should be there, there is the audio,
and there is the transcript, and Jonáš has corrected the transcript manually.
<other_unrecognisable speech>
(A) Okay, okay, okay.
(B) Would you see any (??)?
It's about 20 minutes of of audio.
(A) No, I -
I I I I haven't I actually have have I haven't open the access (??).
(B) Yes, okay.
(A) So far I- I followed this so and I'm I'm (??) probably something to progress so.
(B) Okay.
So I 'm the a -
At least, and maybe it is not totally (??) of you, but it's clearing my head,
what we should should try with the -
(??) translation before this Wednesday.
<parallel_talk> what the happening? <parallel_talk>
Okay, So I think, that's- we are 12 minutes beyond out time, let's stop it now.
We could spend months talking on this.
<laugh>
So (??).
(A) So- Sorry, to interrupt to you Ondrej.
I I want thing to say to maybe Ebrahim and Dominik.
I would like to use some in-domain data from -
Like European data to train the segmenter, like English and Czech segmenter
and use Ebrahim's evaluation tool to see, how they are doing.
The  the -
In (??)  to the models, we have (??) from Czech (??).
<other_noise>
(I) Okay, So.
But I think I think, that <other_noise> should be ready -
Okay, I think, the tool should be ready next week.
(A) Uhm.
(I) They have to be ready (??).
No, no, I  think because it's ready, but every time we have some new assumption.
(A) I (??) and -
(I) Yes.
And if I can get the first amount of data and after that, after the some is more test,
I think, that the tool is ready and you can use it.
(A) Okay, okay.
Then I I'll use this week maybe to train -
To get in touch with Dominik and get European data to train a new segmenter, without like <other_unrecognisable speech>.
(I) And I think I'm available next week and whenever you want, we can we can have a meeting together.
And we can -
(A) Sure, sure, sure, sure.
Yeah, we we can dis- discuss for on this topic, Yeah.
Yeah, this is never-ending.
<laugh>
(F) Okay, the next week, I'm not available on Thursday and Friday because -
(A) Sure, sure, sure.
(F) I am -
(A) Okay, okay, okay.
No problem.
(B) Yeah, okay.
So well, the next week, I'm also not available on Friday.
So whoever is available, we'll meet on Thursday
and we have the the session on on Wednesday.
Okay.
Thanks.
Thanks a lot to all.
If there no further questions and no further comments then -
(I) Thank you.
(??) Thank's.
(??) Bye, bye.
<other_unclear speech>.
(A) Ciao, good night.
(B) Yeah, <laugh>.
<laugh>.