F:  I don't really have , uh , anything new . 
F:  Been working on  Meeting Recorder stuff . 
E:  What 's new with you ? 
B:  So there 's nothing  new . 
E:  What 's old with you that has developed over the last week or two ? 
B:  Well , so we 've been mainly working on the report 
F:  Any - anything new on the thing that , uh , you were working on with the , uh  ? 
C:  I don't have results yet . 
E:  So , what  wha <laugh> wh wha what what 's going on ? 
C:  Well , we work in the report , too , 
E:  How are , uh , uh  how are things going with what you 're doing ? 
D:  I took a lot of time just getting my taxes out of the way  
D:  So , I 'm  I 'm starting to write code now for my work 
D:  but I don't have any results yet . 
E:  do you wanna  say something about your stuff here ? 
A:  I  just , um , continuing looking at , uh , ph uh , phonetic events , 
A:  It 's  that 's pretty much it . 
abst_sum - abstract: Although the members of ICSI's Meeting Recorder Group at Berkeley had little progress to report, there were still a number of issues relating to their work to discuss.

E:  Do you think that would be the case for next week also ? 
E:  What 's your projection on  ? 
F:  so the experiment is to , um , run our front - end like normal , with the default , uh , insertion penalties and so forth , 
F:  and then tweak that a little bit 
F:  and see how much of a difference it makes 
E:  That 's something I 'd like to understand before we actually use something from it , 
A:  I  I was thinking getting  getting us a set of acoustic events to  um , to be able to distinguish between , uh , phones and words and stuff . 
D:  Can you give an example of an event ? 
A:  So , he In this paper , um , it 's talking about phoneme recognition using acoustic events . 
A:  So , things like frication or , uh , nasality . 
F:  just to expand a little bit on the idea of acoustic event . 
F:  There 's , um  in my mind , anyways , there 's a difference between , um , acoustic features and acoustic events . 
F:  And I think of acoustic features as being , um , things that linguists talk about , 
F:  Stuff that 's not based on data , necessarily . 
F:  That 's not based on , you know , acoustic data . 
F:  So they talk about features for phones , 
F:  which may or may not be all that easy to measure in the acoustic signal . 
F:  Versus an acoustic event , which is just <mike noise> some <spikes> something in the acoustic signal <spike> that is fairly easy to measure . 
F:  It 's kinda like the difference between top - down and bottom - up . 
F:  I think of the acoustic  you know , phonetic features as being top - down . 
F:  You know , you look at the phone 
F:  and you say this phone is supposed to be  you know , have this feature , this feature , and this feature . 
F:  Whether tha those features show up in the acoustic signal is sort of irrelevant . 
F:  Whereas , an acoustic event goes the other way . 
F:  Here 's the signal . 
F:  Here 's some event . 
F:  And then that  you know , that may map to this phone sometimes , 
F:  And so it 's sort of a different way of looking . 
abst_sum - abstract: These included making plans for upcoming experiments, clarifying definitions, and approaches which may or may not be against the rules of the Aurora project, alongside alternatives that would not be.

E:  So , my suggestion , though , is that you  you not necessarily finish that . 
E:  But that you put it all together so that it 's  you 've got  you 've got a clearer structure to it . 
E:  So that , you know  so that such a thing can be written . 
E:  And right now it 's kind of important that we actually go forward with experiments . 
abst_sum - abstract: There was also debate about the necessary continuation of a group report.

E:  I was saying Hynek 'll be here next week , 
E:  uh , Wednesday through Friday  
E:  uh , through Saturday , 
E:  I won't be here Thursday and Friday . 
E:  But my suggestion is that , uh , at least for this meeting , people should go ahead , 
E:  uh , cuz Hynek will be here , 
F:  So maybe I can have that for next week when Hynek 's here . 
E:  Maybe  that 's maybe a topic  
E:  Especially if you talk with him when I 'm not here , 
E:  that 's a topic you should discuss with Hynek 
E:  to , you know , double check it 's OK . 
E:  Well , this 'll be , I think , something for discussion with Hynek next week . 
abst_sum - abstract: Plans were also made with regard to a visitor from research partner OGI

F:  so the experiment is to , um , run our front - end like normal , with the default , uh , insertion penalties and so forth , 
F:  and then tweak that a little bit 
F:  and see how much of a difference it makes 
E:  So by " our front - end " I mean take , you know , the Aurora - two s take some version that Stephane has that is , you know , our current best version of something . 
E:  How  how much , uh , does it improve if you actually adjust that ? 
E:  When you adjusted those numbers for mel cepstrum , did it  ? 
F:  Uh , I  I don't remember off the top of my head . 
F:  Yeah . I didn't even write them down . 
F:  Looking at the  I wrote down what the deletions , substitutions , and insertions were , 
F:  for different numbers of states per phone . 
F:  Um , but , uh , that  that 's all I wrote down . 
F:  I would need to do that . 
F:  I can do that for next week . 
E:  but I think it would be  it 'd be good to know that . 
F:  So maybe I can have that for next week when Hynek 's here . 
abst_sum - decisions: For next weeks meeting, speaker me018 will provide numbers on his experiments into adjusting insertion penalties.

B:  y yeah . Basically we we 've stopped , uh , experimenting , 
E:  So , my suggestion , though , is that you  you not necessarily finish that . 
E:  But that you put it all together so that it 's  you 've got  you 've got a clearer structure to it . 
E:  You know what things are , 
E:  you have things documented , 
E:  you 've looked things up that you needed to look up . 
E:  So that , you know  so that such a thing can be written . 
E:  When  when  when do you leave again ? 
C:  First of July . 
E:  And that you figure on actually finishing it in  in June . 
E:  Because , you know , you 're gonna have another bunch of results to fit in there anyway . 
E:  And right now it 's kind of important that we actually go forward with experiments . 
E:  So  so , I  I think it 's good to pause , and to gather everything together and make sure it 's in good shape , 
E:  so that other people can get access to it 
E:  and so that it can go into a report in June . 
E:  But I think <inbreath> to  to really work on  on fine - tuning the report n at this point is  is probably bad timing , I  I  think . 
abst_sum - decisions: Speaker me013 feels that mn007 and fn002 should just put together the coherent bare-bones of their report, and move back to experimenting, leaving the report for the end of the project.

E:  Maybe  that 's maybe a topic  
E:  Especially if you talk with him when I 'm not here , 
E:  that 's a topic you should discuss with Hynek 
E:  to , you know , double check it 's OK . 
B:  there is also the spectral subtraction , 
B:  I think maybe we should , uh , try to integrate it in  in our system . 
B:  I think that would involve to  <breath> to mmm <mouth> use a big  a  al already a big bunch of the system of Ericsson . 
B:  Because he has spectral subtraction , 
B:  then it 's followed by , <mouth> um , other kind of processing that 's  are dependent on the  uh , if it 's speech or noi or silence . 
B:  and s I  I think it 's important , um , <mouth> to reduce this musical noise and this  this increase of variance during silence portions . 
B:  This was in this would involve to take almost everything from  from the  this proposal 
B:  and then just add some kind of on - line normalization in  in the neural network . 
E:  Well , this 'll be , I think , something for discussion with Hynek next week . 
abst_sum - decisions: He also feels that they should discuss some aspects of future work, for clarity's sake, with the visitor from OGI.

E:  Uh , so the next question to ask , which is I think the one that  that  that Andreas was dre addressing himself to in the lunch meeting , is , um , we 're not supposed to adjust the back - end , 
E:  but anybody using the system would . 
E:  if you were just adjusting the back - end , how much better would you do , uh , in noise ? 
E:  Uh , because the language scaling and insertion penalties and so forth are probably set to be about right for mel cepstrum . 
E:  But , um , they 're probably not at all set right for these things , 
E:  As for these other things , it may turn out that , uh , <inbreath> it 's kind of reasonable . 
E:  I mean , Andreas gave a very reasonable response , 
E:  and he 's probably not gonna be the only one who 's gonna say this in the future  
E:  people  people within this tight - knit community who are doing this evaluation <inbreath> are accepting , uh , more or less , that these are the rules . 
E:  But , people outside of it who look in at the broader picture are certainly gonna say " Well , wait a minute . You 're doing all this standing on your head , uh , on the front - end , 
E:  when all you could do is just adjust this in the back - end with one s one knob . " 
E:  so we have to at least , I think , determine that that 's not true , 
E:  And as you say  as you point out  finding ways to then compensate for that in the front - end <clears throat> also then becomes a priority for this particular test , 
E:  that 's permitted ? 
B:  Well , 
B:  OGI does  did that . 
B:  At some point they did that for  for the voice activity detector . 
E:  The rules as I understand it , is that in principle the Italian and the Spanish and the English  
E:  Italian and the Finnish and the English ?  were development data 
B:  And Spanish , yeah . 
E:  on which you could adjust things . 
E:  And the  and the German and Danish were the evaluation data . 
E:  And then when they finally actually evaluated things they used everything . 
E:  it  it doesn't appear that there 's strong evidence that even though things were somewhat tuned on those three or four languages , that  that going to a different language really hurt you . 
E:  And the noises were not exactly the same . 
E:  I mean they were different drives . 
B:  Different cars . 
E:  It 's tuned more than , you know , a  a  a  a  
E:  You 'd really like to have something that needed no particular noise at all , 
E:  But that 's not really what this contest is . 
E:  That 's something I 'd like to understand before we actually use something from it , 
F:  it 's probably something that , mmm , the  you know , the , uh , experiment designers didn't really think about , 
F:  because I think most people aren't doing trained systems , or , you know , uh , systems that are like ours , where you actually use the data to build models . 
F:  I mean , they just  doing signal - processing . 
E:  except that , uh , that 's what we used in Aurora one , 
E:  and then they designed the things for Aurora - two knowing that we were doing that . 
F:  And they didn't forbid us  
F:  to build models on the data ? 
E:  No . 
E:  But , I think  I think that it  it  
E:  it probably would be the case that if , say , we trained on Italian , uh , data and then , uh , we tested on Danish data and it did terribly , uh , that  that it would look bad . 
E:  And I think someone would notice 
E:  Maybe  that 's maybe a topic  
E:  Especially if you talk with him when I 'm not here , 
E:  that 's a topic you should discuss with Hynek 
E:  to , you know , double check it 's OK . 
abst_sum - problems: The main project the group is working on, Aurora, has a number of rules attaches as to what developers can and cannot play with, but this needs to be clarified.

E:  As for these other things , it may turn out that , uh , <inbreath> it 's kind of reasonable . 
E:  I mean , Andreas gave a very reasonable response , 
E:  and he 's probably not gonna be the only one who 's gonna say this in the future  
E:  people  people within this tight - knit community who are doing this evaluation <inbreath> are accepting , uh , more or less , that these are the rules . 
E:  But , people outside of it who look in at the broader picture are certainly gonna say " Well , wait a minute . You 're doing all this standing on your head , uh , on the front - end , 
E:  when all you could do is just adjust this in the back - end with one s one knob . " 
E:  so we have to at least , I think , determine that that 's not true , 
E:  And as you say  as you point out  finding ways to then compensate for that in the front - end <clears throat> also then becomes a priority for this particular test , 
abst_sum - problems: The rules are adhered to in the small community, but make no sense from a broader research perspective.

F:  Are you discovering anything , uh , that makes you scratch your head as you write this report , 
F:  like why did we do that , 
F:  or why didn't we do this , 
B:  Uh . 
B:  Yeah . 
B:  Actually , there were some tables that were also with partial results . 
B:  We just noticed that , 
B:  wh while gathering the result that for some conditions we didn't have everything . 
abst_sum - problems: While writing their report, mn007 and fn002 have noticed some tables contain only partial results, and there are things they do not recall the reasoning behind.

