None
abst_sum - abstract: This meeting of the Berkley Meeting Recorder group charts the progress of their project and covers ongoing issues as well as some new ones.

B:  DARPA demos , 
abst_sum - abstract: The most pressing issue concerns the demos which the group are preparing for the DARPA meeting next month.

H:  but it does mean you need to be running a web server . 
H:  And so it  it 's pretty big and complex . 
H:  Uh and it would be difficult to port to Windows 
H:  Uh the other option is Dan did the Tcl - TK THISL GUI front - end for Broadcast News 
H:  And so I 've written some tools to convert everything into the right for file formats . 
H:  And the command line version of the indexing and the querying is now working . 
G:  So another idea I w t had just now actually for the demo was whether it might be of interest to sh to show some of the prosody uh <mouth> work that Don 's been doing . 
abst_sum - abstract: Here they discuss the querying and indexing tool which is progressing well albeit with a few front-end issues, and also the transcriber tool.

A:  Um I hired several more transcribers , 
A:  They 're making great progress . 
A:  uh I 've been uh finishing up the uh double checking . 
abst_sum - abstract: Transcription is progressing well, with new people hired, and double checking almost complete.

F:  We 're sort of doing things in parallel , 
H:  especially for the information retrieval stuff . 
abst_sum - abstract: Work is also going on in parallel with IBM.

H:  Um I spoke with Dave Johnson about putting all the Meeting Recorder stuff on non - backed - up disk to save the overhead of backup 
H:  And uh , so the only issue here is the timing between getting more disks and uh recording meetings . 
B:  So I guess the idea is that we would be reserving the non - backed - up space for things that took less than twenty - four hours to recreate or something like that , 
H:  Things that are recreatable easily and also  Yeah , basically things that are recreatable . 
abst_sum - abstract: Additionally, the group have progressed further with data storage issues, with backing-up their data now regarded as a priority, and more disk space required.

H:  So I 've been doing a bunch of XML tools 
H:  Yeah and then the other thing also that Thilo noticed is , on the microphone , 
H:  I mean this is why I wanna use a g a tool to do it rather than the plain text 
H:  the  the one that shows up here ,  that will flash yellow if the mike isn't connected . 
abst_sum - abstract: Tools for accessing key file information have been developed which should ensure all meeting information is present.

B:  Good . CrossPads ? 
H:  who basically said " if you 're not using them , could you return them ? " 
H:  We  we used them a couple times , 
B:  we  we get somebody to buy into the idea of doing this as part of the task . 
B:  uh part of the reason  I think part of the reason that Adam was so interested in uh the SpeechCorder sort of f idea from the beginning is he said from the beginning he hated taking notes 
E:  Well if you wanted to do that maybe the right architecture for it is to get a PDA with a wireless card . 
E:  And  and that way you can synchronize very easily with the  the  the meeting 
H:  I mean for what  what you 've been describing buttons would be even more convenient than anything else , 
G:  Maybe we could do like a student project , 
G:  you know , maybe someone who wants to do this as their main like s project for something would be cool . 
H:  I mean if we had them out and sitting on the table people might use them a little more 
abst_sum - abstract: The collection of CrossPad note-taking data will be pursued in future meetings.

A:  I know that uh that Thilo you were , um , bringing the Channeltrans interface onto the Windows machine ? 
D:  Yeah it 's  it  Basically it 's done , 
H:  And then at the same time I 'll probably rewire the room as per Jane 's suggestion 
H:  W uh   We ordered uh more wireless , 
H:  so that uh the first N channels are wireless , eh are the m the close - talking and the next N are far - field . 
B:  I mean there 's  there 's all this stuff going on uh between uh Andreas and  and  and Dave and Chuck and others with various kinds of runs 
B:  uh um  recognition runs , 
B:  trying to figure things out about the features 
B:  but it 's  it 's all sort of in process , 
abst_sum - abstract: Finally, other progress made includes getting the ChannelTrans interface working, ordering more wireless microphones, and analysing recognition runs.

B:  S so when we here were having this demo meeting , what we 're sort of coming up with is that we wanna have all these pieces together , to first order , by the end of the month 
G:  Next month . 
B:  Uh  that 'll  that 'll give us  that 'll give us a week or so to uh  to port things over to my laptop and make sure that works , 
abst_sum - decisions: DARPA demo illustrating prosody of meeting events will be completed by the end of the (next) month, so as to allow a week or so for transferring data across to laptops.

H:  Um I spoke with Dave Johnson about putting all the Meeting Recorder stuff on non - backed - up disk to save the overhead of backup 
H:  but he thought it was a bad idea . 
H:  In fact what he said is doing the manual one ,  doing uh NW archive to copy it  is a good idea 
H:  and we should do that and have it backed up . 
H:  He w he 's a firm believer in  in lots of different modalities of backup . 
H:  This data cannot be recovered . 
H:  and if then a mistake is made and we lose the archive we should have the backup . 
B:  if it 's stationary it 's not going to go through the increment it 's not gonna burden things in the incremental backups . 
H:  Just  just the monthly full . 
H:  and we 're far enough away from saturation on full backups that it 's w probably OK . 
H:  And uh , so the only issue here is the timing between getting more disks and uh recording meetings . 
B:  So I guess the idea is that we would be reserving the non - backed - up space for things that took less than twenty - four hours to recreate or something like that , 
H:  Things that are recreatable easily and also  Yeah , basically things that are recreatable . 
abst_sum - decisions: After consulting others, the group decide that not backing up their meeting data is a bad idea, since this cannot be recovered.

H:  In fact what he said is doing the manual one ,  doing uh NW archive to copy it  is a good idea 
H:  and we should do that and have it backed up . 
H:  He w he 's a firm believer in  in lots of different modalities of backup . 
H:  This data cannot be recovered . 
H:  and if then a mistake is made and we lose the archive we should have the backup . 
B:  if it 's stationary it 's not going to go through the increment it 's not gonna burden things in the incremental backups . 
H:  Just  just the monthly full . 
H:  and we 're far enough away from saturation on full backups that it 's w probably OK . 
H:  And uh , so the only issue here is the timing between getting more disks and uh recording meetings . 
B:  So I guess the idea is that we would be reserving the non - backed - up space for things that took less than twenty - four hours to recreate or something like that , 
H:  Things that are recreatable easily and also  Yeah , basically things that are recreatable . 
abst_sum - decisions: Therefore, meeting recorder data will be backed up, and also stored manually using the NW archive.

B:  So I guess the idea is that we would be reserving the non - backed - up space for things that took less than twenty - four hours to recreate or something like that , 
H:  Things that are recreatable easily and also  Yeah , basically things that are recreatable . 
H:  And uh , so the only issue here is the timing between getting more disks and uh recording meetings . 
abst_sum - decisions: More disk space will be purchased, however for now, data which is easily re-creatable will not be backed up.

B:  uh part of the reason  I think part of the reason that Adam was so interested in uh the SpeechCorder sort of f idea from the beginning is he said from the beginning he hated taking notes 
B:  but  uh by I  I would suggest you return one . 
B:  Because we  we you know , we  we haven't used it at all . 
G:  One would probably be fine . 
G:  Maybe we could do like a student project , 
G:  you know , maybe someone who wants to do this as their main like s project for something would be cool . 
H:  I mean if we had them out and sitting on the table people might use them a little more 
abst_sum - decisions: After evaluating the use of the CrossPads, the group decide to return one, and also keep one which will be left out in meetings to encourage its use.

B:  we  we get somebody to buy into the idea of doing this as part of the task . 
E:  Well if you wanted to do that maybe the right architecture for it is to get a PDA with a wireless card . 
E:  And  and that way you can synchronize very easily with the  the  the meeting 
H:  I mean for what  what you 've been describing buttons would be even more convenient than anything else , 
G:  Maybe we could do like a student project , 
G:  you know , maybe someone who wants to do this as their main like s project for something would be cool . 
H:  I mean if we had them out and sitting on the table people might use them a little more 
abst_sum - decisions: Use of PDAs and buttons for note-taking will be investigated, along with using the data for a student research project.

H:  I mean you hav sorta have to . 
G:  Yeah , so we might wanna do it simultaneous . 
abst_sum - decisions: Because of time constraints, the group decide to do simultaneous digits.

H:  but my intention is to do a prettier user interface based either  
H:  but it does mean you need to be running a web server . 
H:  And so it  it 's pretty big and complex . 
H:  Uh and it would be difficult to port to Windows 
H:  Uh the other option is Dan did the Tcl - TK THISL GUI front - end for Broadcast News 
abst_sum - problems: Improving the THISL front-end user interface may be difficult if it is to run on Windows as a web server Tcl-TK may need to be used instead.

H:  So yet again we should probably meet to talk about transcription formats in XML 
abst_sum - problems: More information on XML transcription formats is required for the creation of the tools.

G:  Oh , quick question on that . Is  do we have the  <clears throat> the seat information ? 
H:  The seat information is on the Key files for the ones which 
G:  but I just hadn't ever been putting it in the Key files . 
F:  I never knew we were supposed to put it in the Key file . 
H:  I mean this is why I wanna use a g a tool to do it rather than the plain text 
H:  because with the plain text it 's very easy to skip those things . 
H:  Yeah and then the other thing also that Thilo noticed is , on the microphone , 
H:  on channel zero it says hand - held mike or Crown mike , 
H:  you actually have to say which one . 
H:  And then uh also in a couple of places instead of filling the participants under " participants " they were filled in under " description " . 
H:  the  the one that shows up here ,  that will flash yellow if the mike isn't connected . 
abst_sum - problems: Information for key files, such as Microphone type, seating, and participant information, is not being properly recorded, and in some cases the microphones aren't working properly.

H:  I mean this is why I wanna use a g a tool to do it rather than the plain text 
H:  because with the plain text it 's very easy to skip those things . 
H:  Yeah and then the other thing also that Thilo noticed is , on the microphone , 
H:  the  the one that shows up here ,  that will flash yellow if the mike isn't connected . 
abst_sum - problems: However this should be rectified by the use of appropriate XML tools.

H:  We  we used them a couple times , 
A:  And I have  uh so my  my feeling on it is that I think in principle it 's a really nice idea , 
A:  and you have the time tags which makes it better tha than just taking ra raw notes . 
A:  On the other hand , I  the down side for me was that I think the pen is really noisy . 
B:  so that you can  you have a record of whatever it is you 've written . 
H:  So i if you take notes it 's a great little device . 
B:  And one of the reasons that it was brought up originally was because uh we were interested in  in higher - level things , 
B:  not just the , you know , microphone stuff but also summarization and so forth 
H:  so that it 's synchronized with the time on that 
H:  and then you have to download to an application , 
H:  and then you have to figure out what the data formats are and convert it over if you wanna do anything with this information . 
G:  and you don't wanna take notes 
G:  Well , what if you 're sitting there and you just wanna make an X 
abst_sum - problems: The CrossPads have not been used to their full potential, which is because of a number of problems regarding their use:

H:  so that it 's synchronized with the time on that 
H:  and then you have to download to an application , 
H:  and then you have to figure out what the data formats are and convert it over if you wanna do anything with this information . 
abst_sum - problems: First, they need to be synchronised with the time of the meeting recording, and secondly, they use a non standard data format which needs converting.

G:  and you don't wanna take notes 
G:  Well , what if you 're sitting there and you just wanna make an X 
abst_sum - problems: Additionally, some people tend not to make notes in meetings.

