(B) Hello. 
Can you hear me?
Does it work? 
(D) Well, yes, I can hear you. 
(B) Yes, excellent.
Works good.
(C) Hi.
(B) Hi.
We have Phil and Phil probably mean Barry as well?
(E) No, it's just me, Barry.
(??).
(B) Okay it's (??).
Yeah, okay.
Great.
So, we have Alfaview.
<other_noise>
We have PerVoice. 
And Ivan, you are the only one from PerVoice, right, for today? 
(D)Yeah. 
(B) So are we waiting for anyone? 
I don't think so. 
I think that we are full.
That we're complete.
Is it okay.
So thanks, everybody, for working hard on on the report and other things. 
And and the project (??) and thanks for joining this call.
This call is again being recorded for the purposes of our minuting.
So I hope that you are fine with that. 
And let's let's move quickly to the agenda for today, which is in the google document. 
It was very messy still early in the morning, 
but we've worked hard to to make some sense of that now. 
So please interrupt me at any stage and otherwise, 
I'll try to be as quick as possible with this call 
because we have some things to to do to finish quickly. 
So the most important thing is that there is other calls. 
There was kind of too many goals planned. 
So it was confusing for everybody. 
But two more calls are planned. 
One is for this afternoon and that will be a technical call for the second dry run that we will do at in Liberec. 
So there there there would be me, Dominik, Barry and Phil, not Chiara, if I'm not mistaken. But Ivan will be there, Felix Theisen and maybe maybe Miloš could join.
(C) Miloš is coming. 
(B) Miloš is is coming for the meeting.
For the af 
(C) Yes.
(B) For the afternoon. 
Yes, okay.
Yeah, so that will be good. 
And yeah.
(F) Sorry, Andre, what time was that call at ? 
That (??) is it?
(B) 1 Prague time.
(F) Oh, it's 1 Prague time, okay.
(B) So 12 in your time. 
That's that's 12 of your time.
(F)That's the (??) after this one. 
Sorry. 
(B) No, it's not. 
There there is -
(F) Well, yeah, right.
(B) But for you, that might be too early of of for lunch break. 
Yeah, okay.
(F) So yeah, okay. 
(B) So- sorry, I I am -
Yeah.
Okay, and the other call is for minuting demonstrator. 
And this is something that doesn't need to be -
Anything doesn't have to be developed, or car- carefully designed. 
But by the end of the year, we have to have a clear idea 
what the minuting demonstrator will be.
And I would like to have a vague idea of this before we have the remote review. 
So that's why I'm I'm trying to get this call done before the remote review, 
which is on October 23rd. 
Yes. 
And currently the slot has been picked for Friday, October 11th at 10 Prague time. 
And this is - 
So please, especially PerVoice and Alfaview, make sure, that you have this slot available. 
I know that that Alfaview is is busy with many things,
but Armin, or Daniel, or whoever.
Please, make sure, that Andreas and France are available before for for this date. 
So this is- this is important. 
Uhm, yeah.
Okay. 
And for the review meeting, there is a number of materials that we would like to prepare 
and that we would like to actually submit by -
Well at the end of October 8th or during October 9th or two weeks before the remote review. 
And these materials are financial status, the status on dissemination and the overall progress report. 
So for the financial status, I think that everybody has filled their data in. 
So I would just like to hear from you, that you think, that your data is is in.
(C) There is still from Alfaview we're missing the estimates for month 18.
Otherwise - 
(A) Yeah, yeah.
We are We're sorry, we currently don't have those because both friends and Andreas are currently sick.
(B) Okay.
(A) And I'm usually not -
I haven't joined a single call, so this is my first time and -
(B) Yeah, yeah.
(A) So I'm very sorry. 
So I just wanted to be here anyways. 
I don't know where the rest of Alfaview is in terms of project management. 
So, so sorry about that. 
I will tell friends and Andreas about the - 
About October 11th  and I'll talk to the guys to get the -
Estimate it.
(B) Yeah.
(A) I'll make it (??).
(B) Yeah. 
So please talk directly to Tea about this so that we have these these numbers 
and we'll process them.
And if anything is unclear, 
we will ask the respective partner because we need to make sense of that and we need to present this at the remote review. 
And also maybe we would like to write it down in the progress report
that we are submitting in in a week from now. 
Yeah. 
Okay. 
Then the dissemination and communication activities. 
This is the continuous reporting spreadsheet. 
So if you look into that spreadsheet, there is a number of steps 
and one of those steps is called dissemination. 
And this is where we are gathering the non-paper, non non-scientific things. 
So this is often very hard to to collect from research partners 
because everybody is focused on the papers. 
So please think again, were have you presented ELITR so far, 
where where you have mentioned that and fill this table. 
This is actually input for Alfaview. 
Because Alfaview is is the kind of responsible for our dissemination activities. 
So Alfaview will - 
Should like make sure that this picture is is as complete as possible. 
And an interesting for the reviewers to to hear. 
So I've said the date for this in 2 days from now,
because I think that many of us have entered things there.
If something is missing, well, we are just not selling what we have done. 
And that's a pity, but it's not too bad. 
So that's why I'm not like too stressed about the deadline in 2 days. 
But think, what you have done and please fill that table.
(C) Okay and that table has also the second part below. 
And some of you sometimes forget to sell the numbers 
about the people the amount of people who attended that event.
(B) Yeah.
(C) So this don't forget.
(B) So that's like an estimate of impact. 
So how you- how successful the the particular presentation was in terms of,
well, people addressed.
(F) And and how empty -  
And however we supposed to get this breakdown of them?
(B) Well.
(F) (??).
(B) I'm I'm just making it harder.
(F) To make something up.
(B) I'm totally making it up, yes. 
Because like I was - 
I added a column all last week. 
And this is -
I was at the (??), I was presenting, I saw some people, 
who were clearly from the scientific community. 
There were - 
I knew it was like a festival that was also run for public. 
So I knew that there were some people like from the street, essentially, 
that I just made made up an estimate.
(F) Okay, alright.
I I just discovered that 200 registered (thematic) forum.
But (??) obviously we're getting a breakdown a bit difficult. 
<other_noise>
(B) No.
Yeah, well.
Then - 
Yeah. 
Whenever -
(F) More to more trouble than it's worth really.
(B) Yeah.
Okay. 
So that's that the that's the dissemination, communication activities 
and then the progress report. 
Thanks again everybody for writing, or many paragraphs and sections to that report. 
As of now we have about 23 sections, so so 23 pages.
So that's that's reasonable. 
We will carefully reviewed review that.
And one thing that I want to say is, that we will sub we will be submitting this at the end of October 8th. 
So in a week from now, or maybe the October of 9th, but not later. 
But what is missing is the publications, the scientific ones. 
So please enter your publications in standard BibTeX format in section 9.2 into this Overleaf. 
So this is something that you have valid.
You have published many, many papers.
Whenever a paper acknowledge ELITR, make sure to include Bib entry 
and briefly comment in just one sentence, how the paper is related to the project. 
We will be doing this collection later on for the for the meet-project review in a proper way, 
where we will need also the PDFs, I guess. 
And and yeah -
But for now, we just want to show off that we are working on the scientific part like diligently. 
So this is something, which is very much like up-to-date, ve- very much needed in the coming days.
So please, do this. 
Do any of finalization, any edits of the report that you would like to do by the end of the week, including Sunday. 
So that we have one or two days to to polish each and submitted them.
And then it already will be time to start preparing presentations for the remote review. 
As I said, the remote review will be in 2, 3, 3 weeks from now. 
So it's in the agenda which is linked here below. 
There is- there are people nominated who are responsible for presenting.
If you want someone else from your from your institution to present, just change the agenda. 
So don't worry to change the agenda, but as long as your name is there, 
you're responsible for making the slide. 
Remember, therefore the slides we have some templates, both Google slides and Overleaf. 
So share whatever you like. 
We'll we'll probably send around a reminder with links like how to how to best prepare they at the slides, but the content is on you essentially. 
So regardless the template, please start collecting the the content. 
And most of the content is actually what it's already written by you in the progress report. So that should not be too much work either, but it's good to be ready for that.
Yes. 
So the the important - 
Yeah. 
(G) Will (??) ? 
(B) Sorry ?
(G) Is there template for the slides ? 
(B) Yes, there is templates. 
There is either a Google slide template for or Overleaf template, so Latex beamer template.
So both is available and we will send the links to these - 
So maybe, maybe Tea write down and Tea finished before your prepares presentations. 
Yeah, yeah.
<parallel_talk> So CUNI will send a reminder with the templates of the slides. <parallel_talk>
Yeah, so and this is for -
Okay, so now for the milestones. 
There is one milestone, which is which was due yesterday. 
And I didn't take it off. 
So let's discuss this first if we can take it off. 
The milestone says initial ASR systems and the initial ASR systems should be available to the consortium.
That's a system available to the consortium. 
That's like the means of verification. 
And there is no further details on this milestones anywhere in our description of work. 
So it's up to us what we what we include as as the important part. 
We know that we need some of the languages. 
This is the set of languages that we need. 
We have English done, German is also available at Karlsruhe, we have Czech working some first version at Charles University. 
So I would like you to to hear about the status of the other languages.
(G) Okay, so for French, Spanish, Italian, we have initial systems. 
French is terrible. 
(B) Uhm.
Spanish is not as terrible, there is not too bad.
And Italian is someone between French and Spanish. 
So it's not as French (??). 
Not as okay as Spanish. 
(B) Uhm, yeah, okay. 
(G) And Russian we are left behind. 
My fault I just said, the data (??) Russians systems. 
(B) So you - So you're working - you're working on Russian as well.
(G) (??) started Russian as well.
It's -
(B) Yeah. 
So the question is, can we can we take the milestone off or should we delayed? 
What What would you recommend?
(G) Commonly it would (search) except we are find is a Russian system, 
but it's, you know, terribly outdated and we haven't connected it to the mediators yet. 
And I don't think it's worth di- digging of the old system, it's probably better to - 
(B) To train the new one.
(G) To train the new.
But if you want to kick off the milestone, I mean, we can say we have the Russians systems but - 
(B) Yeah, yeah.
I suggest - 
Yeah. 
So I suggest that I take it because we -
(G) Let's hope nobody wants to see this.
(B) Sorry, I didn't hear you well.
(G) So if you want to take off the milestone, you can say we have a Russian system and that's all. 
Nobody wants to see it. 
(B) Yeah, yeah.
Okay, So I'll I'll suggest that I'll take it off. 
We're already one day late but yeah - 
Let's take it off. 
The milestone was not specific about the set of languages anyway.
So this is - 
(G) That is you know (leave) out Russian.
(B) Yeah.
So well, it's in - 
We know that the Russian is the one of the languages that we promised to cover. 
(G) Yeah.
(B) But that's not directly linked to the milestone.
<laugh>
So that's why we can be like no- not very specific about that. 
And I think that the set of language that we do have covered is sufficient for like a successful run for the EUROSAI Congress. 
So I think that from this point of view, it's okay to take the milestone off. 
So I'll do that today.
Thank you.
And for the milestone, which was supposed to be finished by the end of August,
I would like to know this adjust from Alfaview, because that that's a pity that Francis is sick.
But I was hoping that we could run a demo session in Alfaview platform now for everybody,
who is running on Windows so that we would see h- how like how far did you get, but yeah. 
So please let me know what is what is the status.
(B) Daniel -
(H) I am talking (??). 
Do you want to go ahead? 
Or should I?
(A) Go ahead. 
(H) All right. 
So currently the status as we implement the translated or English as the language as you can select them on the web page. 
Which one you want to select, which ones you want to have translated to. 
And you also have implemented to overlay in the client itself. 
So the languages get translated or get presented, then declined itself. 
Whichever you chose on the web page you will have translated to.
(B) Yeah, so so from your point of view, it's seems like finished.
It's translating and -  
(A) It's been a rough deployment state.
So It is deployed right now.
We can show you.
(B) Uhm.
(A) So the, (??) company on production that you use, there's three rooms. 
The first one translates to has translation enabled to English. 
The second one to German. 
And the third because we're missing the client integration has both enabled. 
So it will be translated into both, 
which means you will see a mix of the spoken words interspersed in different messages. 
But for both languages and the integration that you can actually focus on 
the single language and switch between those is forthcoming. 
I don't have an estimate on that. 
I just want to say that it's on our radar to - 
(B) Yeah.
(A) To do that. 
And there's currently not not everyone can edit those rooms, 
but France said to me that a sufficient amount of people have that ability. 
So we need to (??) the permissions down on that so that there's not a whole lot going on. 
And everyone is not just doing all 9 language- all 9 target languages in a single room
are over (??) and using all of the workers at the same time. 
So is in that state that we promise, even though it was a bit late -
And we have to fix a couple of minor things, 
but each we should be able to to send out if you have the spoken language in your profile set correctly to the language that practically speaking. 
(B) Yeah. 
(A) So that we could download that for you. 
Yes.
(B) Okay, so that's great. 
So let's let's please do the demo right after this call. 
And now we're very optimistic that we could finish the call in 10 minutes from now. 
<laugh>
So we could we could then switch to the Alfaview 
and I know that UEDIN will be not connecting. 
Is there anyone else who is without Windows machine so who cannot see the demo? 
I hope that PerVoice can stay there.
Right? 
Are you - ? 
Okay, that's good.
And also, maybe if Felix or Sebastian can stay there for Karlsruhe. 
So that we know like what is the load on workers when when we run this demo.
(G) It works (micro SSL) (??).
(B)Yes. 
(A) Yes.
(B) Yeah, okay.
So that that's that's very good. 
So as of now, I'm quite optimistic. 
I I I cannot say at the moment yet, 
whether I will take off the the milestone also for for this SLT and Alfaview. 
But after the demo,I'll I'll let you know when I think it it could be it could be done. 
That could be -
That will be great.
(A) So what other operating sys
Sorry for barging in on.
What are our operating systems are used like the Linux ?
(B) We need we need Linux.
We need Linux.
Everybody need Linux. 
(F) I think (??).
(B) I always borrow a a special Windows machine to make these calls. 
So I would also appreciate Linux.
<laugh>
Okay, so here - 
<parallel_talk> So very good progress. <parallel_talk>
<parallel- talk> We'll do demo after the call and decide if to kick it off.<parallel_talk>
(A) I'm just going to go out on a (??) and so we do have Linux version.
But you could use that for testing in this call. 
There is absolutely minus 100 percent support on any crashes 
that are going to be happening because of that. 
But I I think Armin is already using it.
So if you want to try that, we could give that to you. 
I'm not sure if you were supposed to say that. 
So please -
(B) Yeah, yeah.
(A) Tell me that information any further.
It's on our radar, but we're working on it. 
But it's -
Yeah. 
(B) Okay.
(A) It's just keep it on the download whoever once we can probably give that to you. 
(??).
(B) That's great.
So I would I would like to get one and very probably two. 
(F) Yeah, that would be useful, yeah. 
We have to install something I assume. 
(H) Yes it's in that the package. 
(F) Okay, yeah.
It's no problem.
(H) Question would be -
 Do I have your e-mail address ans somehow so I can make you (??) the upload anyway yet. 
(F) You should -
(B) Le- let's just write it down into the Google doc.
(H) Oh, yeah.
(F) Good idea.
Good idea. 
(B) So.
And then Barry, if you can complete, so did I don't - 
(E) Oh, yeah, yeah.
(??)
I'll do that.
(B) In EDAC UK Right? 
(E) Yeah, that's good to yeah. 
(B) Okay, right.
(A) We don't have the self-destructing version that runs out in in two days or so. 
Yeah, so.
<laugh>
(B) That's the reason why you must not that's that's that's the -
Don't worry, our machines fall apart by themselves, 
<laugh>
So it's it's safe in this (??). 
Okay, so my last point is just a reminder of the deliverables. 
I'm not reminding ourselves of the deliverables dude the end of the year. 
But the one deliverable which might be of interest 
because it's very close to the view date is the 1 by the end of October. 
And the and that's your own test sets. 
So I would like to -
If the if the deliverable is in good shape, I would like to sedn- send it also to the reviewers on October 8th.
It doesn't have to be complete, it can be just a draft. 
And I think it is in the reasonably well written shape already.
So maybe we -
(F) <other_speech unrecognizable>.
(B) Yeah, okay. 
(E) No, actually it's more or less (??) at the moment. 
So there's -
(B) Okay.
(E) So there's a more Overleaf document with sections for people to fill in -
(B) Yeah.
(E) Who I contacted a few weeks ago. 
Basically, nobody has done that yet, including myself. 
I haven't (??). 
(B) Okay, yeah, yeah. 
(E) I need to I need to chase people. 
So it's a few different people need to contribute as fairly small amount of work.
(??).
(F) Do you want (??).
(I) (??) sorry, yeah, sorry about (Michele). 
(F) Yeah, sorry, you said you need to chase people. 
Can we just consider them chase, now?
(E) A most of them are on this call. 
(F) Okay, okay.
(B) It's like the technical people like Jonáš and - 
(E) It's mostly yeah, it's mostly of (??). 
(B) Yeah. 
(E) (??).
(G) Am I only is anybody okay the on the list in need to chase ?
(E) I know actually not -  
<other_speech unrecognizable>
(B) Probably not.
(E) (??) by KIT on that work package, but if you if you know of something, then please to please to -
(B) There is there is one thing which would be great. 
And Sebastian I remember you send me an email awhile ago 
on the IWSLT evaluation campaign and I haven't got to that yet.
But I think it would be good if we included a section on like plans, 
what to you do with these test sets. 
And that would be on on you then on Sebastian for the IWSLT.
So that's - 
(G) One thing I'm wondering about, is that it's it's not work.
But (??) things so these have be English - Czech text translation task will be IWSLT this year but -
Importantly, it's it wasn't (??) I I I need to (??) money, it wasn't need to be done. 
By, you know, wan't need done by ELITR personal (??).
But it was done because ELITR (??) and me had asked for it.
I don't know how to spell it.
(B) Well, it's - 
I think it's good to like repackage it so that you will clearly say that this was done by FBK 
but it fits the ELITR set up. 
So we will also work with that.
So it's not  <other_technical noise> it's not clearly -
(G) Yeah, we can say, it was started by request of ELITR .
(B) Yeah, yeah. 
So there will be - 
So please -
Yeah, maybe Phil, can you had the Overleaf link here? 
So that Sebastian also sees the the link.
(A) Yes, oh, you'll find the email.
(B) Yeah, so that will be useful.
And any case, we need to review this deliverable and the review should have ideally two weeks. 
So by mid October we should have the deliverable written
and then by the end of October submitted. 
So, okay. 
I don't see it a- as a realistic thing that we will have the deliverable by October 8. 
But the internal draft, finished draft should be ready by mid October, 
which is one week more.
And if that looks good, we can send it to the reviewers like shortly before the review.
So that they see that the upcoming deliverable is in is in good shape.
(I) Okay, that sound- sounds realistically.
(B) Yeah, yeah.
So here is the already document 
and I'll write down that <parallel_talk> internal  deadline - mid October to accomplish internal review safely. <parallel_talk>
Do we have an internal reviewer nominated for this are not yet?
<parallel_talk> Deliverables -  we don't have anyone reviewing this. 
So either it could be Karlsruhe or it could be Alfaview 
or p- PerVoice. <parallel_talk>
PerVoice is not much  involved in the content right?
I n- need someone technical, who will understand the importance of the test sets
and yet who is not contributing much to the deliverable. 
So who who could that be? 
Would that be rather Alfaview or rather PerVoice?
Or perhaps perhaps Karlsruhe ?
(G) It (??) except me (??) because I don't think we have much time.
(A) I couldn't say anything about Alfaview.
Not from -
I don't even know what this is about.
<laugh>
(B) Yeah, yeah.
(A) Sorry
(B) So so it seems like Ivan would be the best reviewer then.
<laugh>
(D) Well, actually, ah okay, yes. 
I myself or or? -
(B) Or you know what?
You or Chiara.
(D) I think Chiara maybe be suitable for this. 
I have to ask, of course.
(B) Well okay, yeah, yeah. 
So <parallel_talk> probably Chiara if she is not too opposed. <parallel_talk>
Okay.
(F) It should be a short deliverable, right? 
(B) Yes, yes, yes. 
(F) Yeah, so it shouldn't be that hard to - 
I mean -
Yeah.
Not so much work to review it.
(B) Okay.
And my question, my last point in the agent is something
which I realized that I wanted to ask as well.
If Sebastian has any news on the Tedx event in Tren- event in Trento.
(D) We have no update on the site, so -
(B) Yeah, so so pro- yeah.
So yeah, I ask wrong I ask the wrong person. 
I meant I meant PerVoice yeah, sorry.
(D) Okay, sorry.
Yeah, I have literally no update on that. 
I can not say anything.
<other_technical noise>
I am not -
Let's say I'm not negotiating this in person and I have no report, yeah, sorry.
(B) Yeah, so it was -
The idea was to run it like on the fringe of Tedx with no direct link, 
with the Tedx organizers just like being in front of their room 
and then doing the subtitling in many languages and going from Italian.
But that was an idea by Dario and Chiara.
So neither of them is available.  
So Ivan, please check with them if there is any update, 
please, let us know as soon as possible because it's mid November,
but still it involves travel and set up.
So there will be some work. 
Some preparation is necessary for that and Italy ASR will be needed.
Which is (??).
(G) So so my question would be, can we -
You had or PerVoice has an ASR we can use?
Because I mean the Italian -
We fused that in the past. 
It's not as bad as French, but it's not -
The most (??) all we have.
(D) We certainly have Italian ASR. 
So.
We have a few running on (??) mediator I think. 
Well, I I have to ask. 
Oh, well, or if shouldn't be a huge problem to use our translators, transcriptors sorry.
Yeah and I am aware that time is running out about Tedx, but we are still trying to. 
It's quite difficult actually to to get information from the organizators so -
I was struggling to.
(B) Yeah, okay.
Thought, taken the notes on this. 
So is there anything else that we need to discuss?
I don't think that that's - 
(G) Just one quick (??).
(B) Yeah.
(G) To operate IWSLT, I need to discuss what we would like to propose for the next evaluation.
We have work team <other_speech unrecognisable>.
At the end of October in Hong Kong where the student committee will take (??) place.
Plus, the evaluation will be very early next year because it will be -
It's not going to be in conjunction with other (??) because IWSLT it's going to be in (??).
(??).
(F) I think you were talking about first quarter next year. 
(G) Yeah -
(F) I'm going to see. 
So the the I have the camera I have open here. 
The camera ready for ASL is -
Sorry, the workshop papers are due in April.
Yeah.
Okay so -
(G) <other_speech unrecognisable>
Just one. 
Okay, here we go so - 
(F) So we are gone.
(G) So they they want to have that ACL, exactly in Seattle -
And ACL in Seattle is going to happen - 
(F) In July.
(G) In July so that means for the evaluation campaign, 
I mean, we can keep the evaluation. 
So we have to stick with the paper deadlines by then?
(F) Em, more or less yes. 
I mean, we've managed to push them back before two weeks maybe.
It can be -
(??) about it.
(G) Yeah. 
So suddenly - 
And yeah, the beginning of July, July 5th. 
So we could do a deadline for the evaluation by end of May or something like that. 
I mean, the the scientific papers are nice. 
Maybe we can negotiate with them, but they are technical papers for the system descriptions can be some later.
But but non- nonetheless, it's going to be much earlier next year than it was this year.
(B) Yeah.
So they so this is already set. 
It's already fixed that the IWSLT -
(F) <other_speech unrecognisable>
(B) <other_speech unrecognisable>
(F) It's applied, yes, yes, yes.
(B) It's applied in that way. 
Yes. 
So if they accept it, it will be in Seattle in July. 
And did I understand correctly that the evaluation week would be by at  the end of May right?
(G) No, I think it's -
(B) Or earlier?
(G) Or earlier.
So the thing is if we have to stick with the paper submission deadlines,
that means that by the end of April, things would have to be submitted. 
(F) <other_speech unrecognisable>
Yeah, for WMT we're looking at an evaluation. 
We we're with the MLP, we hope. 
But we're looking at evaluation week at the end of May, beginning of June. 
(G) Okay, so -
(F) We should do beginning of June. 
(B) Remember that -
(F) <other_spech unrecognisable>
I mean, sorry?
(B) That there is the EUROSAI Congress.
(F) There is the EUROSAI Congress. 
I just saw that at my calendar. 
(B) <laugh>
(F) But I think we're - 
Yeah. 
Our evaluation week is going to be around, then I don't know. 
Maybe we can have a little bit later. 
(B) Yeah. 
(F) It's probably WMT question. 
I don't know. 
But -
(B) Yeah.
(F) There is a potential collision there. 
I don't know if it's a serious collision. 
(G) But same way IWSLT evaluation have sometimes (??).
(F) Spring, yeah.
(B) So the question is, whether we can somehow modify or specify the IWST tasks 
so that they would directly help us for the EUROSAI Congress. 
And this is something that I would like to see as as a bonus. 
So could we do this?
So what what is a set of languages and tasks covered there? 
And this is very much linked to the to the test test sets that we are packaging 
just well for the end of October.
(G) So basically, essentially, it will be whatever we will decide the next steering committee meeting at the end of October. 
And I will be the (??) what in that meeting and -
(B) Okay.
(G) (??) advertise and push for whatever we decided by then and what I can offer.
 And that's why I also put Marcel- Marcello in CC
because Marcello can also help to (??) for whatever we would like have for ELITR. 
And then of course, (??) steering committee members that might have other plans.
(B) Uhm.
(G) And for us anything that I can only do the lobbying and to push the committee.
(B) Yeah.
(G) And we'll see what we can (??).
(B) So it's important for me to respond to that email -
(G) Exactly.
(B) And like, yeah, uhm.
(G) And we n- we need to coordinate, to make sure 
that when I travel to Hong Kong end of October, 
that I have a package with me that I can present to them. 
As you know, ELITR has the same time would like to do with this (??) Asia 
and I don't know, maybe we can help with (??) and data preparation and stuff like that. That makes an for interesting case.
We can also maybe promise participation from the consortium. 
That's also (??) we could argument if we know that we will have participants (??).
(B) Uhm.
Yeah. 
Okay.
So we'll I'll keep an eye on this and I'll make sure 
that we'll make use of IWT IW IWSLT  in the best way that we can. 
Okay, so that's that's important, thanks.
Any other of new pieces of information or things to consider?
If not, then I would like to thank everybody for joining this call. 
Remember the deadlines in the very few days from now, 
the dissemination and the and the publications 
and any any edits that you would like to do or for the progress report. 
Please keep checking your emails, be responsive 
because we will need to ask you maybe if or of some financial issues 
or some clarification issues in in the report when we are reviewing it.
So please, please respond. 
We'll be submitting all these things in a week from now. 
And now let's let's switch over to the Alfaview. 
So so maybe can can Alfaview still paste the link to somewhere <laugh>
at the top of this Google doc or -
Yeah. 
So thanks for everybody.
And I'll keep running this Pexip call until I'm able to also start the Alfaview call. 
But we are officially closed here and we are moving to the Alfaview to see the demo. 
<laugh>
(A) All right.
So the the link that is in the minutes in for Wednesday, August 28th 
at at the second page of that Google doc.
(B) Okay.
(A) That is still active. 
You can still use that. 
(B) Okay.
(A) To join (??). 
(??) Hello see you soon. 
(B) Yeah.
(H) And as in a few more minutes to send you  to the Linux version of Alfaview,
but it should be there in a few minutes. 
(B) Okay.
Still I just -
<other_speech unrecognisable> 
<other_noise>
<other_speech unrecognisable>